Intro: Raekwon The Chef and Method Man
What that nigga want God?
Word up, look out for the cops (Wu-Tang five finger shit)
(Cash Rules) Word up, two for fives ova here baby
Word up, two for fives them niggaz got garbage down the way, word up
Know what I'm sayin?
(Cash Rules Everything Around Me C.R.E.A.M. get)
Yea, check this ol' fly shit out
Word up
(Cash Rules Everything Around Me) Take you on a natural joint
(C.R.E.A.M. get the money) Here we, here we go
(dolla, dolla bill y'all) Check this shit, yo!

Verse 1: Raekwon The Chef
I grew up on the crime side, the New York Times side
Stayin' alive was no jive on second hands
Moms bounced on old men
So then we moved to Shaolin land
A young youth, yo rockin the gold tooth, 'Lo goose
Only way, I begin to gee off was drug loot
And let's start it like this son, rollin wit this one
And that one, pullin out gats for fun
But it was just a dream for the teen who was a fiend
Started smokin woolies at 16
And running up and gates, and doing hits for high stakes
Makin' my way on fire escapes
No question I would speed, for cracks and weed
The combination made my eyes bleed
No question I would flow off and try to get the dough all
Stickin' up white boys on ball courts
My life got no betta, same damn 'lo sweater
Times is rough and tough like leather
Figured out I went the wrong route
SO I GOT WIT A SICK ASS CLIQUE AND WENT ALL OUT!
Catchin keys from across seas
Rollin in MVP's, every week we made 40 g's
Yo nigga respect time, or anger the tech-9
Ch-chick-POW, move from the gate now

Chorus: Method Man
Cash Rules Everything Around Me
C.R.E.A.M get the money
Dolla, dolla bill y'all

Verse 2: Inspectah Deck
It's been 22 long, hard years of still strugglin'
Survival got me buggin', but I'm alive on arrival
I peep at the shape of the streets
And stay awake to the ways of the world 'cause shit is deep
A man with a dream with plans to make C.R.E.A.M.
Which failed; I went to jail at the age of 15
A young buck sellin drugs and such who never had much
Trying to get a clutch at what I could not... could not...
The court played me short, now I face incarceration
Pacin -- going up state's my destination
Handcuffed in back of a bus, forty of us
Life as a shorty shouldn't be so ruff
But as the world turns I learned life is hell
Living in the world no different from a cell
Everyday I escape from Jakes givin chase, sellin base
Smokin bones in the staircase
Though I don't know why I chose to smoke sess
I guess that's the time when I'm not depressed
But I'm still depressed, and I ask what's it worth?
Ready to give up so I seek the Old Earth
Who explained working hard may help you maintain
To learn to overcome the heartaches and pain
We got stickup kids, corrupt cops, and crack rocks
And stray shots, all on the block that stays hot
Leave it up to me while I be living proof
To kick the truth to the young black youth
But shorty's running wild smokin sess drinkin beer
And ain't trying to hear what I'm kickin in his ear
Neglected, but now, but yo, it gots to be accepted
That what? That life is hectic

Chorus -- 3X

Cash Rules Everything Around Me
C.R.E.A.M.
get the money
Dolla dolla bill y'aauhhhaaaauhhhhahhhauhhhhll, YEAH
Maybe I didn't treat you
Quite as good as I should
Maybe I didn't love you
Quite as often as I could
Little things I should have said and done
I never took the time

You were always on my mind
You were always on my mind

Maybe I didn't hold you
All those lonely, lonely times
And I guess I never told you
I'm so happy that you're mine
If I make you feel second best
I'm so sorry I was blind

You were always on my mind
You were always on my mind

Tell me, tell me that your sweet love hasn't died
Give me, one more chance to keep you satisfied, satisfied

Little things I should have said and done
I just never took the time
You were always on my mind
You were always on my mind

Tell me, tell me that your sweet love hasn't died
Give me, one more chance to keep you satisfied

You were always on my mind
You were always on my mind
You were always on my mind
You were always on my mind
You were always on my mind
You were always on my mind

Maybe I didn't treat you
Quite as good as I should
Maybe I didn't love you
Quite as often as I could
Maybe I didn't hold you
All those lonely, lonely times
And I guess I never told you
I'm so happy that you're mine
Intro:
(fuck all you hoes) Get a grip motherfucker.
Yeah this album is dedicated to all the teachers that told me
I'd never amount to nothin' to all the people that lived above the
buildings that I was hustlin' in front of that called the police on
me when I was just tryin' to make some money to feed my daughter
and all the niggaz in the struggle you know what I'm sayin'?
Uh ha it's all good baby bay-bee, uh

It was all a dream
I used to read Word Up magazine
Salt'n'Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine
Hangin' pictures on my wall
Every Saturday Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped
Smokin' weed and bamboo, sippin' on private stock
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack
With the hat to match
Remember Rappin' Duke, duh-ha, duh-ha
You never thought that hip hop would take it this far
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight
Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starsky
I'm blowin' up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number same hood
It's all good
Uh, and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh

Chorus:
You know very well who you are
Don't let em hold you down, reach for the stars
You had a goal, but not that many
'cause you're the only one I'll give you good and plenty

I made the change from a common thief
To up close and personal with Robin Leach
And I'm far from cheap, I smoke skunk with my peeps all day
Spread love, it's the Brooklyn way
The Moet and Alize keep me pissy
Girls used to diss me
Now they write letters 'cause they miss me
I never thought it could happen, this rappin' stuff
I was too used to packin' gats and stuff
Now honies play me close like butter play toast
From the Mississippi down to the east coast
Condos in Queens, endo for weeks
Sold out seats to hear Biggie Smalls speak
Livin' life without fear
Puttin' 5 karats in my baby girl's ears
Lunches, brunches, interviews by the pool
Considered a fool 'cause I dropped out of high school
Stereotypes of a black male misunderstood
And it's still all good
Uh...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga

chorus:
you know very well who you are
dont let em hold you down, reach for the stars
you had a goal, but not that many
'cause your the only one i'll give you good and plenty

Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis
When I was dead broke, man, I couldn't picture this
50 inch screen, money green leather sofa
Got two rides, a limousine with a chauffeur
Phone bill about two G's flat
No need to worry, my accountant handles that
And my whole crew is loungin'
Celebratin' every day, no more public housin'
Thinkin' back on my one-room shack
Now my mom pimps a Ac' with minks on her back
And she loves to show me off, of course
Smiles every time my face is up in The Source
We used to fuss when the landlord dissed us
No heat, wonder why Christmas missed us
Birthdays was the worst days
Now we sip champagne when we thirst-ay
Uh, damn right I like the life I live
'Cause I went from negative to positive
And it's all...
(It's all good)
...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh

chorus:
you know very well who you are
dont let em hold you down, reach for the stars
you had a goal, but not that many
'cause your the only one i'll give you good and plenty

Uh, uh...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga
Uh...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh
Representin' B-Town in the house, Junior Mafia, mad flavor, uh
Uh, yeah, a-ight

chorus:
you know very well who you are
don't let em hold you down, reach for the stars
you had a goal, but not that many
'cause your the only one i'll give you good and plenty MUTHA FUCKA
So what you gonna when you get outta here cat daddy?
Scarface:I don't know dawg..juss trying to live it one day at a time you know?
I hear you talkin' man, live it one day at a time...aint nothin but a thing though bro
Scarface:yeah i hear you fool,well Let me get up outta here man my ride out here waitin' fo me
Aiight cat take it easy baby
Scarface:stay up fool..... peace

&amp;amp;lt;straight into verse one&amp;amp;gt;

Verse 1:

He greets his father with his hands out
Rehabilitated slightly, glad to be the man's child
The world is different since he's seen it last
Out of jail been seven years and he's happy that he's free at last
All he had was his mother's letters
Now he's home and he's gotta make a change and make it for the beddah
But he's black so he's got one strike against him
And he's young plus he came up in the system
But he's smart and he's finally makin' eighteen
And his goals to get on top and try to stay clean
So he's calling up his homie who dun came up
Livin' like this now they dealin' with the same stuff
And had that attitude that who he was was worth it
and with that fucked up attitude he killed his first mate
Now it's different he done did dirt
And realized killin' men meant comming up but it still hurt
And cain't nobody change this
It's ninteen-ninety-foe and we up against the same shit
*chorus* I nevah understand why
I could nevah seen a man cry, til i seen that man die
Verse two:

Imagine life at it's full peak
Then imagine lying dead in the arms of your enemy
Imagine peace on this earth when there's no grief
Imagine grief on this earth when there's no peace everybody's got a different way of endin' it
And when your number comes for service then they send it in
Now your time has arrived for your final test
I see the fear in your eyes and hear your final breath
How much longeer will it be til it's all done?
Total darkness and ease be in all one
I watch him die and when he dies let us celebrate
You took his life, but your memory he'll never take
You'll be heade to another place
And the life you used to live will reflect in your mother's face
*chorus*

Verse 3:

I hear you breathin' but your heart no longer sounds strong
But you kinda scared of dying so you hold on
And you keep on blacking out and your pulse is low
Stop trying to fight the reaper just relax and let it go
Because there's no way you can fight it but you'll still try
And you can try it til you fight it but you'll still die
Now your spirit leaves your body and your mind clears
The rigormortis starts to set, now you outta here
You start your journey into outer space
You see yourself in the light but you're still feeling outta place
So you standing in the tunnel of eternal light,
And you see the ones you never learn to love in life
Make the choice let it go but u can back it up
If you ain't at peace with God you need to patch it up
But if you ready close your eyes and we can set it free
There lies a man not scared to die, may he rest in peace

I still got to wondah why,
I never seen a man cry til I seen a man die

*t.v. in the backgroung*...hope you feel beddah!!!
[Jay-Z]
Rock on
Roc-A-Fella y'all

[Chorus - Nas]
Presidents to represent me
I'm out for Presidents to represent me [x2]
I'm out for Dead Presidents to represent me

[Jay-Z]
Well I was fit that wonderama shit
Me and my conglomerate
Shall remain anonymous
Caught up in the finest shit
Live out by dreams until my heart gives out
And while we crave you know exactly what the shit's about
Fuck y'all mean? Handlin' since a teen I dish out
Like the point-guard off your favorite team without doubt
My life ain't rosy but I roll with it
My mind was fine 'till the dough hit it
And told me that the mo' did it
And now it's closer shit and so I said it
I blow a digit on a dimin' in a minute but no bitchin'
Watch how I'm walkin' cause even the thoroughest niggas be knockin',
Tryin' to strike a bargain,
Hopin' that they might get pardoned
Shit on me boy we got me pins and needles
And my cerebral be's the wickedess evil
Thoughts that this boughter feed you
Feed back in a game so deep fien's can catch ya
Freeze off my knee cap can y'all believe that
Got the city drinkin' Crystal raise up the fee
Rappers going broke tryin' to keep up wit me
My rise the riches surprise the bitches
Think harder you know this nigga Jay-Z Shawn Carter
G.S. to fuck up, three years to fuck up
Watch me shine like a brightly be gets to fuck up
All rhymers forget like Alzheimer's
Small timers I said it
I'm addressing all drama torture

[Chorus - Nas]
I'm out for Presidents to represent me [x3]
I'm out for Dead Presidents to represent me
[Repeat x1]

[Jay-Z]
So sick of niggas
I want money like Cosby who wouldn't
It's this kind of talk that make me think
You probably ain't got no pudding
Niggas got them kinda dreams from jail
You in the streets nigga
Make your move get your get your mail
Niggas are coastin' the S.L. but can't post bail
Niggas are roast the L.
But scared to throw your toast well
I am here to tell niggas it ain't all swell
There's heaven then there's hell niggas
One day your cruisin' in ya seven
Next day your sweatin' forgetin' your lies
Alibis ain't matchin' up, bullshit catchin' up
Hit with the rico, they repo your vehicle
Everything was all good just a week ago
Bout to start bitchin' ain't you
Ready to start snitchin' ain't you
I forgive your weak ass hustlin' just ain't you
Aside from the fast cars
Hunnies that shake they ass at bars
You know you wouldn't be involved
With the underworld dealers, carriers and mac-miller's
East-coast bodiers, west-coast cap peelers
Little monkey niggas turn gorilla's
Stopped in the station filled up on noctane
And now they not sane, and not playin'
That goes without sayin'
Slangin' day in and day out
With money playin' then they play you out
Tryin' to escape my own mind
Lurkin' the enemy representin' infinite
With presidencies you know

[Chorus - Nas]
Dead Presidents to represent me [x4]
I'm our for presidents to represent me [x7]
I'm our for Dead Presidents to represent me
Intro:

(I reminisce, I reminisce) x3
I reminisce, I reminisce
Uh! (I reminisce, I reminisce)
Yeah (I reminisce, I reminisce)
(I reminisce, I reminisce)
(I reminisce, I reminisce)


Verse One:

[CL]

I reminisce for a spell, or shall I say think back
22 years ago to keep it on track
The birth of a child on the 8th of October
A toast but my granddaddy came sober
Countin all the fingers and the toes
Now I suppose, you hope the little black boy grows, huh
18 years younger than my mama
But I really got beatings cause the girl loved drama
In single parenthood there I stood
By the time she was 21, had another one
This one's a girl, let's name her Pam
Same father as the first but you don't give a damn
Irresponsible, plain not thinking
Papa said chill but the brother keep winking
Still he won't down you or tear out your hide
On your side while the baby maker slide
But mama got wise to the game
The youngest of five kids, hon here it is
After 10 years without no spouse
Momma's gettin married in the house
Listen, positive over negative for the women and master
Mother Queen's risin a chapter
Deja vu, tell you what I'm gonna do
When they reminisce over you, my God


[Pete Rock]

My God
It's so...
Yeah, so lovely
That's how we like to do it in the 90's
Pete Rock &amp;amp;amp; CL Smooth comin' atcha...


Verse Two:

[CL]

When I date back I recall a man off the family tree
My right hand Poppa Doc I see
Took me from a boy to a man so I always had a father
When my biological didn't bother
Taking care of this so who am I to bicker
Not a bad ticker but I'm clocking pop's liver
But you can never say that his life is through
5 kids at 21 believe he got a right too
Here we go while I check the scene
With the Portugese lover at the age of 14
The same age, front page, no fuss
But I bet you all your dough, they live longer than us
Never been senile, that's where you're wrong
But give the man a taste and he's gone
Noddin off, sleep to a jazz tune
I can hear his head banging on the wall in the next room
I get the pillow and hope I don't wake him
For this man do cuss, hear it all in verbatim
Telling me how to raise my boy unless he's taking over
I said pop maybe when you're older
We laughed all night about the hookers at the party
My old man standing yelling good God, almighty
Use your condom, take sips of the brew
When they reminisce over you, for real

[Pete Rock]

For real, baby
Like that
We for real
Comin' atcha...
In '92
Pete Rock &amp;amp;amp; CL Smooth
Yeah, c'mon, hit me!


Verse Three:

[CL]

I reminisce so you never forget this
The days of wayback, so many bear witness the fitness
Take the first letter out of each word in this joint
Listen close as I prove my point
T to the R-uh-O-Y, how did you and I meet?
In front of Big Lou's, fighting in the street
But only you saw what took many time to see
I dedicate this to you for believing in me
Rain or shine, yes in any weather
My grandmom Pam holds the family together
My Uncle Doc's the greatest better yet the latest
If we're talking about a car, Uncle Sterling got the latest
I strive to be live 'cause I got no choice
And run my own business like my Aunt Joyce
So Pete Rock hit me, nuff respect due
When they reminisce over you, listen

[Pete Rock]

Listen, just listen
To the funky song as I rock on
And that's word is bond
I'm not playin
Everybody, just coolin
This song we dedicate
To the one and only
Never be another
he was my brother
Trouble T-Roy
It's like that y'all
And you don't stop
Pete Rock and CL Smooth for '92
And we out, later
&amp;amp;quot;It's yours!&amp;amp;quot; --&amp;amp;gt; T La Rock

Chorus: Nas, Pete Rock
[PR] Whose world is this?
[Nas] The world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
"It's yours!"
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
[Nas] The world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?

I sip the Dom P, watchin Gandhi til I'm charged
Then writin in my book of rhymes, all the words pass the margin
To hold the mic I'm throbbin, mechanical movement
Understandable smooth shit that murderers move wit
The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right
The fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe
The mind activation, react like I'm facin time like
'Pappy' Mason with pens I'm embracin
Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets
Suede Timb's on my feets, makes my cypher, complete
Whether crusin in a six-cab, or Montero Jeep
I can't call it, the beats make me fallin asleep
I keep fallin, but never fallin six feet deep
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?)
I'm out for dead presidents to represent me

[PR] Whose world is this?
[Nas] The world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
[PR] Whose world is this?
[Nas] The world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this? "It's yours!"
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
[Nas] The world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?

To my man Ill Will, God bless your life "It's yours!"
To my peoples throughout Queens, God bless your life
I trip we box up crazy bitches aimin guns in all my baby pictures
Beef with housin police, release scriptures that's maybe Hitler's
Yet I'm the mild, money gettin style, rollin foul
The versatile, honey stickin wild, golden child
Dwellin in the Rotten Apple, you get tackled
Or caught by the devil's lasso, shit is a hassle
There's no days, for broke days, we sell it, smoke pays
While all the old folks pray, to Je-sus' soakin they sins in trays
of holy water, odds against Nas are slaughter
Thinkin a word best describin my life, to name my daughter
My strength, my son, the star, will be my resurrection
Born in correction all the wrong shit I did, he'll lead a right direction
How ya livin large, a broker charge, cards are mediocre
You flippin coke or playin spit spades in strip poker

"It's yours!"

Chorus: Nas, Pete Rock

[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
[PR] Whose world is this?
[Nas] The world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this? "It's yours!"
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
[Nas] Yo, the world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this? "It's yours!"
[PR] Break it down

*Pete Rock cuts and scratches "It's yours!"*

I'm the young city bandit, hold myself down singlehanded
For murder raps, I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded
Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne
I'm deep by sound alone, caved inside in a thousand miles from home
I need a new nigga, for this black cloud to follow
Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow
Trying to maintain, I flip, fill the clip to the tip
Picturin my peeps, now the end could make my heartbeat skip
and I'm amped up, they locked the champ up, even my brain's in handcuffs
Headed for Indiana stabbin women like the Phantom
The crew is lampin big Willie style
Check the chip toothed smile, plus I profile wild
Stash through the flock wools, burnin dollars to light my stove
Walk the blocks wit a bop, checkin Danes plus the games
people play, bust the problems of the world today

"It's yours!"

Chorus: Nas, Pete Rock

[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
[PR] Whose world is this?
[Nas] The world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this? "It's yours!"
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
[Nas] Yeah... the world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this? "It's yours!"
Break it down

Yea aight?
To everybody in Queens, the foundation "It's yours!"
The world is yours
To everybody uptown, yo, the world is yours "It's yours!"
The world is yours
To everybody in Brooklyn
Y'all know the world is yours "It's yours!"
The world is yours
Everbody in Mount Vernon, the world is yours "It's yours!"
Long Island, the world is yours "It's yours!"
Staten Island, yea the world is yours "It's yours!"
South Bronx, the world is yours "It's yours!"
Aight

*Pete Rock keeps cuttin and scratchin "It's yours!" to fade*

}}
Maybe it's because I'm only starting
That I think it won't take too long
Maybe it's because I can see you laughing
That I think you've got it wrong
Maybe I could be like Robin Hood
Like and outlaw dressed all in green
Someone said what's he gonna turn out like
And someone else said never mind
Well I was big and bold and more than twice as old
As all the cats I'd ever seen
I grew my hair and bought a suit
Of shiny white or was it cream
I shook and shivered danced and quivered
And stood on a mountain top

No one came from miles around and said
Man your music is really hot

Well I knew what they meant because I was a freak
My throat was tired and worn
My pretty face just looked out of place
As they poured on the scorn
I wrote on yellow paper from a man who was the king
He said my boy we'll have some crazy scenes
There weren't any scenes at all like he was talkin' about
He must've been the king of queens
Well I could write a million songs about the things I've done
But I could never sing them so they'd never get sung
There's a law for the rich and one for the poor and there's another one for singers
It's die young and live much longer
Spend your money and sit and wonder

No one came for miles around
And said man your music is really funky

I believe that I must tell the truth
And say things as they really are
But if I told the truth and nothing but the truth
Could I ever be a star
Nobody knows who's real and who's fakin'
Everyone's shouting out loud
It's only the glitter and shine that gets through
Where's my Robin Hood outfit
Well I've come and I've gone before you wink an eye
No one ever cared enough to say goodbye
The money's good and the time you have
Fun and games galore
But you spend your money and lie in bed forgotten
And you wonder what you did it for

No one came from miles around
And said man who's he?
Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 2X)

I don't wanna live no mo'
Sometimes I hear death knockin at my front do'
I'm livin everyday like a hustle, another drug to juggle;
another day, another struggle

[Notorious B.I.G.]
I know how it feel to wake up fucked up
Pockets broke as hell, another rock to sell
People look at you like youse the user
Selling drugs to all the losers, mad buddha abuser
But they don't know about your stress-filled day
Baby on the way mad bills to pay
That's why you drink Tanqueray; so you can reminisce
and wish, you wasn't livin so devilish, ssshit
I remember I was just like you
Smokin blunts with my crew, flippin over 62's
Cause G-E-D, wasn't B-I-G
I got P-A-I-D, that's why my moms hate me
She was forced to kick me out, no doubt
Then I figured out licks went for twenty down South
Packed up my tools for my raw power move
Glock nineteen for casket and flower moves
for chumps tryin to stop my flow
And what they don't know will show on the autopsy
Went to see Papi, to cop me a brick
Asked for some consignment and he wasn't tryin to hear it
Smoking mad Newports cause I'm due in court
for an assault, that I caught, in Bridgeport, New York
Catch me if you can like the Gingerbread Man
You better have your gat in hand, cause man

Chorus

[Notorious B.I.G.]
I had the master plan
I'm in the caravan on my way to Maryland
with my man Two-Tecs to take over this projects
They call him Two-Tecs, he tote two tecs
And when he start to bust he like to ask, "Who's next?"
I got my honey on the Amtrak
with the crack in the crack of her ass
Two pounds of hash in the stash
I wait for hon to make some quick cash
I told her she could be Lieutenant, bitch got gassed
At last, I'm literally loungin black
Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks
Had to re-up; see what's up with my peeps
Toyota Deal-a-Thon had it cheap on the Jeeps
See who got smoked, what rumors was spread
Last I heard I was dead with six to the head
Then I got the phone call, it couldn't hit me harder
We got infiltrated, like Nino at the Carter
Heard Tec got murdered in a town I never heard of
by some bitch named Alberta over nickel-plated burners
And my bitch swear to God she won't snitch
I told her when she hit the bricks I'll make the hooker rich
Conspiracy, she'll be home in three
Until then I looks out for the whole family
A true G, that's me, blowing like a bubble;
in the everyday struggle

Chorus

[Notorious B.I.G.]
I'm seeing body after body and our mayor Guiliani
ain't tryin to see no black man turn to John Gotti
My daughter use a potty so she's older now
Educated street knowledge I'ma mold 'er now
Trick a little dough buyin young girls fringes
Dealin with the dope fiend binges, seein syringes
in the vein; hard to explain, how I maintain
The crack smoke make my brain feel so strange
Breakin days on the set, no sweat
Drunk off Moet, can't bag yet because it's still wet
But when that dry, baggin five at a time
I can clock about nine on the check cashin line
I had the first and the third; rehearse that's my word
Thick in the game, D's knew my first name
Should I quit? Shit no! Even though they had me scared
Yo they got a eight, I gotta teck with air holes..
..and that's just how the shit go in the struggle motherfucker

[Puff] Hah.. c'mon.. what you say?

Chorus 2X

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, uhh
Junior M.A.F.I.A., right (yeah..)
(rock on..)
(WOO! .. Biggie Smalls .. right ..)
Here we go; we gonna send this one out to the old school
All these motherfuckers in the Bronx, and Brooklyn, and Staten Island
Queens, and all the motherfuckers that laid it down, the foundation
yaknowhatI'msayin? Nuttin but love for the old school
That's who we gonna do this one for, ya feel me?

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way
(repeat 3X)

Nothin like the old school/ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way

I remember Mr. Magic, FLASH, Grandmaster Caz
LL raisin hell but, that didn't last
Eric B. &amp; Rakim was, the shit to me
I flip to see a Doug E. Fresh show, with Ricky D
and Red Alert was puttin in work, with Chuck Chill
Had my homies on the hill gettin ill, when shit was real
Went out to steal, remember Raw, with Daddy Kane
when De La Soul was puttin Potholes in the game
I can't explain how it was, Whodini
had me puffin on that buddha gettin buzzed, cause there I was
Them block parties in the projects, and on my block
You diggi don't stop, sippin on that Private Stock
Through my speaker Queen Latifah, and MC Lyte
Listen to Treach, KRS to get me through the night
With T La Rock and Mantronix, to Stetsasonic
Remember Push It was the bomb shit, nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way

Heheheh, it ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way

Ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way

Yeaheheh, it ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way

Nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way

Ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way

Heheh... I had, Shell Toes, and BVD's
A killer crease inside my Lee's when I hit the streets
I'm playin skelly, ring to leavey, or catch a kiss
before the homies in my hood learned to smack a bitch, I remember
way back, the weak weed they had
Too many seeds in the trey bag
I'm on the train headin uptown, freestylin
with some wild kids from Bucktown, profilin
cause the hoochies was starin, thinkin, Why them niggaz swearin?
I'm wonderin if that's her hair, I remember
Stickball, pump the hoochies on the wall
or takin leaks on the steps, stinkin up the hall
Through my childhood, wild as a juvenile
A young nigga tryin to stay away from Riker's Isle
Me and my homies breakin nights, tryin to keep it true
Out on the roof sippin 90 proof, ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way

Heheheyah, that's right, it ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way

Ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way

Nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way

Nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way

Ain't nuttin like the old school

What more could I say? I wouldn't be here today
if the old school didn't pave the way

Hahah... remember poppin and lockin to Kurtis Blow, the name belts
And Scott LaRock the Super Hoe back in Latin Quarters
When Slick Rick was spittin La-Di-Da-Di
Gamin the hoochies at the neighborhood block parties, I remem-ber
breakdancin to Melle Mel
Jekyll and Hyde, LL when he Rocks the Bells
Forget the TV, about to hit the streets and do graffiti
Be careful don't let the transit cops see me
It ain't nuttin like the old school!

(Grand Puba sample repeats every bar to end)

It ain't nuttin like the old school
Hahahah, it ain't nuttin like the old school
Hey, heheaha, on the real though, ain't nuttin like the old school

...

Remember seein Brooklyn go crazy up in the motherfuckin party?
Member how fuckers used to go, Is Brooklyn in the house?
and motherfuckers would lose they GOD DAMN MIND
That's the old school to me; that's what I'm sayin (Su-per, Sperm)
I remember goin places that motherfuckers was scared to say
they was from anywhere but Brooklyn; that shit was the bomb
Back in the motherfuckin old school nigga
Remember skelly nigga? Knockin niggaz out the box, poppin boxes?
Member stickball? Member niggaz to run that shit like that?
Member the block members screamin up at your mom from the window?
(LL Cool J is hard as HELL...)
The ice cream truck, member all the mother...
Member the italian icey's yo?
Yo remember the italian icey's the spanish niggaz comin down
with the coconut icey's and shit?

I came through the door, said it before
That was the SHIT!
Oh yeah, this is Eminem baby, back up in that motherfucking ass
One time for your mother fucking mind, we represent the 313
You know what I'm saying?, cause they don't know shit about this
For the 9-6

Verse 1:
Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction
To get your brain relaxin, cause they be actin maniac in action
A brainiac in fact son, you mainly lack attraction
You looking zany whack with just a fraction of my tracks spun
My rhyming skills got you climbing hills
I travel through your mind until you spine like siren drills
I'm sliming grills of roaches, with sprayed on disinfectants
With some ex rappers till their spinal column disconnects
We disindex and check the monologue, turn your system up
Twist them up, and indulge in the marijuana smoke
This is the season for noise pollution contamination
Examination of more cartoons than animation
My lamination of narration
Hit's a snare and bass in the track fucked up rapper interrogation
When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be stare and gazing
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland...
I'm Infinite

Chorus:
You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it's surface and sentenced for murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm Infinite

Verse 2:
Bust it, I let the beat commence so I can beat the sense in your elite defense
I got some meat to mince fruit to stomp in and two feet to rinse
I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil all your fans
I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil pans
My coil hands around this microphone are lethal
One thought in my cerebral is deeper then a Jeep full of people
MC's are feeble, I came to cause some pandemonium
Battle a band of phony MC's and stand the lonely one
Imitator, Intimidator, Stimulator, Simulator of data, Eliminator
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus
Fuck around and catch all of the venereal diseases
My thesis will smash a stereo to pieces
My accapella releases plastic masterpieces through telekinesis
That eases you mentally, gently, sentimentally, instrumentally
With entity, dementedly meant to be Infinite

Chorus:
You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it's surface and sentenced for murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm Infinite

Verse 3:
Man I got evidence I'm never dense and I been clever ever since
My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the M-O
So I'm assuming all responsibility
Cause there's a monster will in me that always wants to kill MC's
Mic messaler, slamming like a wrestler
Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler
No one is speacialer, My skill is intergalactical
I get cynical act a fool then I send a crew back to school
I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical
I'd rather led a tactical, tactful, track for your fancy
In fact I can't see, or can't imagine
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching
This is for my family, the kid who had a cameo on my last jam
Plus the man who never had a plan B
Be all you can be, cause once you make an instant hit
I'm tensed a bit and tempted when I see the sins my friends commit...
I'm Infinite

Chorus:
You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it's surface and sentenced for murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm Infinite
You heard of hell well I was sent from it
I went to it's surface and sentenced for murdering instruments
Now I'm trying to repent from it
But when I hear the beat I'm tempted to make another attempt at it...
I'm Infinite
We're not against rap. We're not against rappers.
But we are against those thugs [thugs, thugs, thugs].

Shatasha:
Oh, it's the Thuggish Ruggish Bone.

Layzie:
You're feelin' the strength of the rump, step up, hear the funk of the jump
that the thugstas feel, just be thuggin', straight buzzin', lovin' your peoples
'cause we so real. Chill, better bring your weapon, when steppin', bring on
that ammunition, trip and don't slip, not to mention, never knew no
competition. But I gotta get mine, so scream out, &amp;amp;quot;Mo!&amp;amp;quot; and let me hear ya
holler, not about that mighty dollar, ro1l with the Bone, mo' thugs will
follow. Chain gang remainin' the same, flamin' my dank and drinkin' brew,
thinkin' about that hangin', clockin' my bank, and thuggin' trues, fools.

Shatasha:
It's the Thuggish Ruggish Bone.

Wish:
Get ready for the Bone and the Mo Thug, bustas, you know me as a hustla. Try to
creep and get beat, make me succeed, peep, gotta put them under. Strate
Jacket's gotta make that money, man. It's still the same, now, bailin' in my
black, trench vest. You gotta be down to bang bang. Come and get this teachin',
ya soldiers, how thugstas must stack. Me drinkin' me brew 'til me skull crack,
(RED BLUE ALL THE WAY BACK.)

Shatasha:
It's the Thuggish Ruggish Bone.

Krayzie:
Now follow me, now, roll, stroll, off deep in the Land. Well, creep if you can,
take another swig to the brain, (Rose), loc'in', steady chokin' off that potent
smoke and runnin' from the po-po, now. Gotta get 'em up with my thugstas, right
turn to the double glock. Pull to the curb, smoke with my hustlas. Puff, puff,
puff to the brain shot, love P.O.D.'ded and tweeded, gotta get another case for
my trunk. Olde English, really don't need it, but in case my trues wanna get
drunk. They pump Bone, so leave 'em alone--you don't wanna get shut down. Thug
runnin' the nine-quat, and you better believe they be wantin' this thug style,
so what now? See the Bone thug claim, thug never gonna change, so flame up. Sit
back and just smoke to the same cut, Leather Face on the creep, and I came up.

Shatasha:
It's the Thuggish Ruggish Bone.

Bizzy:
Gotta give it on up to the glock glock, pop pop, better drop when them buckshot
blow. The Bone in me never no ho, so no creepin' up outta the ziplock. So, Sin,
sip gin, and Lil' Mo Heart run up, nut up, and flipped in, then slipped in the
clip then, mistakin' they bloody victims. Ever if ya test nuts, to the chest
and put 'em to rest, and, but I won't test bucks, put a hole up into me vest,
and gotta get through my soul, but they won't budge, mud, drug me victim. The
blood in me runnin' my mental, the thug in me, stuck in me, keepin' it simple,
the Bone in me runnin' with thugs so, to the temple, buck when you duck to the
thuggish ruggish T's. St. Clair P's, to appeal to the G's, and a buck to all my
enemies.

Shatasha:
It's the Thuggish Ruggish Bone.
We've got Layzie and'a Krayzie.
Bizzy's in the house. Wish is in the house,
and Flesh, and Shatasha.
Cleveland's definitely in the house.
It's the Thuggish Ruggish Bone.
I testified
My mama cried
Black people died
When the other man lied
See the TV, listen to me double trouble
I overhaul and I'm comin'
From the lower level
I'm takin' tabs
Sho nuff stuff to grab
Like shirts it hurts
Wit a neck to wreck
Took a poll 'cause our soul
Took a toll
From the education
Of a TV station
But look around
Hear go the sound of the wreckin' ball
Boom and Pound
When I
Shut 'em down
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
What I use in the battle for the mind
I hit it hard
Like it supposed
Pullin' no blows to the nose
Like uncle L said I'm rippin' up shows
Then what it is
Only 5 percent of the biz
I'm addin' woes
That's how da way it goes
Then U think I rank never drank, point blank
I own loans
Suckers got me runnin' from the bank
Civil liberty I can't see to pay a fee
I never saw a way to pay a sap
To read the law
Then become a victim of a lawyer
Don't know ya, never saw ya
Tape cued
Gettin' me sued
Playin' games wit' my head
What the judge said put me in the red
Got me thinkin' 'bout a trigger to the lead
No no
My education mind say
Suckers gonna pay
Anyway
There gonna be a day
'Cause the troop they roll in
To posse up
Whole from the ground
Ready to go
Throw another round
Sick of the ride
It's suicide
For the other side of town
When I find a way to shut 'em down
Who count the money
In da neigborhood
But we spendin' money
To no end lookin' for a friend
In a war to the core
Rippin' up the poor in da stores
Till they get a brother
Kickin' down doors
Then I figure I kick it bigger
Look 'em dead in the eye
And they wince
Defense is pressurized
They don't want it to be
Another racial attack
In disguise so give some money back
I like Nike but wait a minite
The neighborhood supports so put some
Money in it
Corporations owe
Dey gotta give up the dough
To da town
or else
We gotta shut 'em down
[Snoop Doggy Dogg]
One, two, three and to the fo'
Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre is at the do'
Ready to make an entrance, so back on up
(cause you know we're bout to rip shit up)
Gimme the microphone first, so I can bust like a bubble
Compton and Long Beach together, now you know you in trouble
Ain't nuttin but a G thang, baaaaabay!
Two loc'ed out niggaz so we're craaaaazay!
Death Row is the label that paaaaays me!
Unfadeable, so please don't try to fade this (Hell yeah!)
But uhh, back to the lecture at hand
Perfection is perfected, so I'ma let em understand
from a young G's perspective
And before me dig out a bitch I have to find a contraceptive
You never know she could be earnin her man
and learnin her man -- and at the same time burnin her man
Now you know I ain't with that shit, Lieutenant
Ain't no pussy good enough to get burnt while I'm up in it
(YEAH!) And that's realer than Real-Deal Holyfield
And now you hookers and hoes know how I feel
Well if it's good enough to get broke off a proper chunk
I'll take a small piece of some of that funky stuff

[Dr. Dre and Snoop]
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
[S] Dre, creep to the mic like a phantom

[Dr. Dre]
Well I'm peepin, and I'm creepin, and I'm creep-in
But I damn near got caught, cause my beeper kept beepin
Now it's time for me to make my impression felt
So sit back, relax, and strap on your seatbelt
You never been on a ride like this befo'
with a producer who can rap and control the maestro
At the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick
You know, and I know, I flow some ol funky shit
to add to my collection, the selection
symbolizes dope, take a toke, but don't choke
If you do, you'll have no clue
on what me and my homey Snoop Dogg came to do

[Dr. Dre and Snoop]
It's like this and like that and like this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this
[D] And who gives a fuck about those?
[S] So just chill, til the next episode

{*funky sample break*}

[Snoop Doggy Dogg]
Fallin back on that ass, with a hellafied gangsta lean
Gettin funky on the mic like a old batch of collard greens
It's the capital S, oh yes I'm fresh, N double-O P
D O double-G Y, D O double-G, ya see
Showin much flex when it's time to wreck a mic
Pimpin hoes and clockin a grip like my name was Dolomite
Yeah, and it don't quit
I think they in the mood for some motherfuckin G shit
(Hell yeah!) So Dre (Whattup Dogg?)
Gotta give em what they want (What's that, G?)
We gotta break em off somethin (Hell yeah!)
And it's gotta be bumpin (City of Compton!)

[Dr. Dre]
It's where it takes place so when asked, yo' attention
Mobbin like a muh'fucker, but I ain't lynchin
Droppin the funky shit that's makin the sucka niggaz mumble
When I'm on the mic, it's like a cookie, they all crumble
Try to get close, and your ass'll get smacked
My motherfuckin homie Doggy Dogg has got my back
Never let me slip, cause if I slip, then I'm slippin
But if I got my Nina, then you know I'm straight trippin
And I'ma continue to put the rap down, put the mack down
And if you bitches talk shit, I'll have to put the smack down
Yeah, and you don't stop
I told you I'm just like a clock when I tick and I tock
But I'm never off, always on, to the break of dawn
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, and the city they call Long Beach
Puttin the shit together
Like my nigga D.O.C., &amp;quot;No One Can Do it Better&amp;quot;

[Dr. Dre and Snoop]
Like this, that and this and uh
It's like that and like this and like that and uh
It's like this
[D] And who gives a fuck about those?
[S] So just chill, til the next episode

{*funky sample break*} -&amp;gt; repeat 3X
she's not eatin' bacon, not
eatin' sausage,
and she won't eat eggs,
not eatin' chicken
not eatin' turkey, she
won't have a steak,
but i just can't help feelin'
sorry
for this poor little lettuce head
you know, i can't stop cryin' cause i
know this broccoli's dead

vegetarian? i'm not a vegetarian,
vegetarian...she's a

poor little cow, little sheep,
little fish
how can I sleep? when carrots
are bleedin'
plants are screamin' and tomatoes cry,
you say &amp;quot;it's not so bad, they're only
vegetables&amp;quot;, that's what you said
maybe i'm a murderer, but i'm hungry
and they're better off dead.

save a plant, eat a cow,
i want beef, i want it now!
i'm gonna eat it cause it's red!
i'm gonna eat it cause it's dead!
maybe i should eat it raw let the
blood run down my jaw
i'd eat people if it was legal,
i'd eat people if it was legal!
[Eric B]: Yo Rakim, what's up?
[Rakim]: Yo, I'm doing the knowledge, E., I'm trying to get paid in full
[E]: Well, check this out, since Nobry Walters is our agency, right?
[R]: True
[E]: Kara Lewis is our agent
[R]: Word up
[E]: Zakia/4th &amp;amp;amp; Broadway is our record company
[R]: Indeed
[E]: Okay, so who we rollin with?
[R]: We rollin with Rush
[E]: Of Rushtown Management. Check this out, since we talking over
this def beat that I put together, I wanna hear some of them
def rhymes, know what I'm sayin? And together, we can get
paid in full...

[Rakim]
Thinkin of a master plan
Cuz ain't nuthin but sweat inside my hand
So I dig into my pocket, all my money is spent
So I dig deeper but still comin up with lint
So I start my mission- leave my residence
Thinkin how could I get some dead presidents
I need money, I used to be a stick-up kid
So I think of all the devious things I did
I used to roll up, this is a hold up, ain't nuthin funny
Stop smiling, be still, don't nuthin move but the money
But now I learned to earn cos I'm righteous
I feel great! so maybe I might just
Search for a 9 to 5, if I strive
Then maybe I'll stay alive
So I walk up the street whistlin this
Feelin out of place cos, man, do I miss
A pen and a paper, a stereo, a tape of
Me and Eric B, and a nice big plate of
Fish, which is my favorite dish
But without no money it's still a wish
Cos I don't like to dream about gettin paid
So I dig into the books of the rhymes that I made
To now test to see if I got pull
Hit the studio, cos I'm paid in full
Fake thug, no love, you get the slug cb4 gutso
Your luck LOW, I didn't know 'till I was drunk though
You freak niggaz played out, get fucked then ate out
Prostitute turned bitch, I got the gauge out
96 ways I made out Montana way the good f-e-l-l-a
Verbal a-k spray dipped attache jumped out the range
Empty out the ashtray, a glass of zay
Make a man Cassius Clay
Red do plots, murder schemes 32
Shotguns regulate with my dunns
17 rocks gleam from one ring
Yo let me let y'all niggaz know one thing
There's one life, one love, so there can only be one King
The highlights of living, Vegas style roll vice in linen
Antera's spinning on milleniums
20 G bets I'm winning them
Threats I'm sending them, lex with t.v. set the minimum
I'll sex adrenaline
Party with villians
A case of demi-sec to chase the henny
Wet any clique with the semi-tech who want it
Diamonds I flaunt 'em
Chicken heads flock I lace 'em, fried
Broiled, amaze 'em, taste 'em, place
they clit way out of formation
It's horizontal how I have 'em
Fucking me in the benz wagon
Can it be vanity from last dragon
Grab gun it's on though, shit is grimy
Real niggaz buck in broad daylight with
The broke mac it won't spray right
Don't give a fuck what they hear as
long as the dram's lit
Yo overnight thugs, bug because they ain't promised shit
Hungry-ass holligans stay on that piranha shit

I peeped you frontin, I was in the jeep
Sunk in the seat tinted with heat beats bumpin
Across the streat you was wildin
Talkin bout how you ran the island in eighty-nine
Laying up playing the yard with crazy shine
I cocked a baby 9 that nigga gave me mine clanked 'em
What was he thinking on my corner when it pay me time
Dug 'em you owe me cousin something told me plug 'em
So dumb felt my leg burn then it got numb
Spun around and shot one, heard shots and dropped son
Caught a hot one, somebody take his biscuit before the cops come
Then they come asking me my name, what the fuck
I got stitched up and went through the
left hospital that same night
What I got my gat back, time to backtrack
I had to drop so how the fuck I get clapped
Black was in the jeep watching all these scenes speed by
It was a brown datsun and yo nobody in my hood got one
That clown niggaz through blazing out his crew daily
The bridge touched me up severely hear me
So when I rhyme it's sincerely yours be lightin
El's sippin Coors on all floors in project halls
Contemplating war niggaz I was cool
With before we used to score together
Uptown copping the raw but a-a thug changes
and love changes and best friends become strangers
Word up

Yo to them thug niggaz gettin it on in the world ya know
To them thug niggaz that locked down doing their thing
Surviving know what I'm saying?
To my thorough niggaz New York and world wide
Yo to the Queens Bridge militia 9-6 shit the firm clique
The illmatic nigga it was written though
Been a long time comin
Y'all fake niggaz trying to copy
better come with the reload!
DOVE:
Standing on the corner building. Seen the path.
Looking at the corner streetlight, walking, and
waiting for my brother to come over and then
someone tapped me on my shoulder. 180 degrees I
did. Oh my... what? Oh oh!
I didn't hesitate so I ran and I ran and I ran
and I ran and I tries to catch a cab.
(Cab driver, fuck you)
I ran into an abandoned building, I heard big
heavy breathing on my back I turned 180 degrees
again and oh oh! Oh my God!
Oh, I dashed and I dashed and I dashed and I
skipped into the BK lounge. I asked the lady if
I could get a Whopper. She was facing... she was
facing toward the back. She turned around...
she stated: (Can I take your order?) Oh Chrissie!
Once again, I dashed and I dashed and I dashed
to my pad. The phone started ringing, but
luckily my answering machine was on and with
the quickness...
(Hey, how ya doing, sorry you can't get through)
Yeah, saved by the ha ha ha. I went into the
shower. Oh my... I heard the holler... I turned
the water on and she was screaming... who could
it be? What did she want from me? What did she
want from me? What did she want from me? She
was screaming and screaming and she had the tape
in her hand. But I knew what she wanted. I knew
what she wanted. I knew what she wanted.
(Please listen to my demo)
(Mumbled: And wit your wrinkled pussy)
(I can't be your lover)
(feat. Bad
Ass)
[Intro]
Hand me a cigarette DAWG! [inhales]
They got me feelin crazier than a motherfucker
I got Bad Ass in this motherfucker
Makaveli the Don, representin the Outlawz
Bad Ass representin the L.B.C.
So what'cha wanna do? Y'know how we do it

[overlapping the Intro]
.. puffin on lye
Hopin that it get me high
Got a nigga goin cra-zy
Oh yeah, I feel cra-zy

[Chorus]
Time goes by, puffin on lye
Hopin that it gets me high
Got a nigga goin cra-zy
Oh yeah, I feel cra-zy

(Tell 'em bout it)

[2Pac]
Last year was a hard one, but life goes on
Hold my head against the wall learnin right from wrong
They say my ghetto intrumental, detrimental to kids
As if they can't see the misery in which they live
Blame me, for the outcome, ban my records - check it
Don't have to bump this but please respect it
I took a minus and now the hard times are behind us
Turned into a plus, now they stuck livin blinded
Hennesey got me feelin bad, time to stop drinkin
Rollin, in my drop-top Jag, what's that cops thinkin?
Sittin in my car, watch the stars and smoke
I came a long way but still I got so far to go
Dear mama, don't worry; I'ma watch for snakes
Tell Setchu, that I love her, but it's hard to take
I got the letter that she sent me, and I cried for weeks
This what came out when I tried to speak - all I heard was

[Chorus - repeat 2X]

(One, two, three, four)

[2Pac]
I see bloods and crips runnin up the hill
Lookin for a better wayyyyyy..
My brothers and sisters it's time to bail
cause even thug niggaz prayyyyyy..
Hopin God hear me, I entered the game; look how much I
changed
I'm no longer innocent - casualties of fame
Made a lot of money, seen a lot of places
And I swear I seen a peaceful smile on my mama's face
when I gave her the keys to her own house, this your land
Your only son done became a man
Watchin time fly; I love my people do or die
But I wonder why, we scared to let each other fly
June 1-6, '7-1, the day
mama pushed me out her womb, told me, "Nigga get paid."
No one can understand me - the black sheep
Outcasted from my family, now packin heat
I run the streets, a young runaway, live for today
When he died, I could hear him say, c'mon..

[Chorus - repeat 2X]

[Bad Ass]
God help me out here, cause I'm posessed
I need the root of all evil for my stress
Cause money's like a stong prescription drug, it's got me
addicted
to the pleasure and the pain it inflicted
Somethin bout the paper wit the pictures of the president's,
head
Damn, it's like a motherfuckin plague that spread
It's epidemic; forgotten, forgotten it got worse
I keep my head on straight, makin money cause it's cursed
Makin money makes a difference day by day so I gotta stay
paid, no doubt, day in and day out
This life is like a vicious cycle called fightin to live
No matter how hard you try, it's in death, you gotta die
A lot of my, peers didn't make it to the years to come
Did life doin right, or did life livin dumb
Who has the answers? I wonder; I turn to my elders
They aged and experienced, but they can't even tell ya
or tell me, that there'll be light at the end of the road
(Why?) Cause they don't even know
A million thangs run through my mind..
You ain't gotta be in jail to be doin time..

[Chorus - repeat 2X]

[Chorus repeats while Tupac speaks below]

[2Pac]
I feel fucked up in this bitch.
I smoked half a ounce to the head
Chocolate tye, indo, Hawaiian, lambsbread, buddha, all that
shit
I'm fucked up in this motherfucker, and Hennesey don't help
and Hennesey don't help - Thug Passion in this muh'fucker
Makaveli the Don puttin it down to the fullest, maximum
overload
3 Day Theory - Killuminati to your body
with the impact of a 12 gauge shotty
Double-I slugs, no love, straight thugs

One time for my niggaz in the jail cell
(One time for my niggaz locked up)
One time for my niggaz doin life in hell
(One time for my niggaz and shit, one time)
One time for my niggaz in the jail cell
(One time)
One time for my niggaz doin life in hell
(One time for my niggaz locked down)
One time for my niggaz in the jail cell
(For my niggaz locked up, one time)
One time for my niggaz on Death Row
(One time for my niggaz on the Row)
For my niggaz on Death Row
One time for my niggaz livin, broke
(Westside, California style, L.A.!)
One time for my niggaz livin, broke
(You know what time it is, no doubt)
One time for my niggaz in the.. jail cell
(Get high, puffin on lye, wonder if it get me high)
(Yeah, yeah, crazy..)
Oh my god...Oh my god !!!! ah ah ah aowww!!!

[Verse One: Method Man]

Microphone checka, swingin sword lecture
closin down the sectar supreme neck protector
Bet I won em kid Mr. Metha warmin pot
about to blow his lid from the pressure, too hot for TV
but cheesy, Too many wanna be hard be easy, is all in together
going all not together it don't take much to please me
Still homes are never satisfy like the stones
we don't condome bitin in the sellin crossbones
protectin what am writin don't clash with the Titan
who blast with a liscence to kill rap presitence
C'mon, in the zone with ya nigga from the Group Home
TICAL!!(Fuck your lifestyle!!) (Blew wind)...put your lights out
got the shit the crackin got you fienin with your pipes out
time for some action, surfin the avenue
mad at you, where I used to battle crews
back when Antoinette had that attitude
Cover me I'm going in, walls closin in
got us bustin off these pistols
my niggas got issues...again, same song
armed with the mega bomb
Blow you out the frame and I'm gone.

[Verse Two: Redman]

I was going to Buck-we-romes, cellular phones
Doc-Meth back in the flesh, blood and bone
don't condone Spent bank loans and homegrown
suckers break like Turbo
in no zone, when I, grab the broom
moon-walk platoon hawk my goons spark
leave you in a blue lagoon lost (true)
three nines and a glove with masu di die in the car
right behind on the boss
Haters don't touch, weigh us both up
now my neighbor doped up
got the cable hooked up. All channels
lift my shirt all Mammal
you ship off keys and we ship Grand Pianos.
sawed off shotgun
hand on the pump, sippin on a forty
smokin on a blunt
bust my gun and Red and Meth gettin jumped
La la la la, la la la laaaaa

yeah c'mon, Red and Meth gettin jumped
La la la la, la la la laaaaaa
Chorus:
I'm feelin it fill the glass to the top with Moet
Feelin it feel the Legs pushin up on the sand
I'm feelin it feel the high that you get from the lye
Feelin it if you feel it raise your l in the sky

Verse 1:

I keep it realer than most I know your feelin it
Cristal on ice I like those toes I keep from spillin it
Bone crushers I keep real close I got the skill for this
On my back the fliest clothes lookin ill as shit
Transactions illegitimate cause life is still a bitch
And then you die but for now life close your eyes and feel this dick
Since diapers had nothin to live for like them lifers but
Makin sure every nigga stay rich within my cipher
We paid the price the circle of success-hey turned my mic up
Im bout to hit these niggas with some shit that'll light your life up
If every nigga in your clique is rich your clique is rugged
Nobody would fall cause everyone would be each others crutches
I hope you fools choose to listen I drop jewels bust it
These are the rules I follow in my life you gotta love it
Jiggy jigger lookin gully in the joint
If y'all niggas ain't talkin 'bout large money what's the point?

(Chorus)

Verse 2:

Even if it ain't sunny hey I ain't complainin
I'm in the rain doing a buck 40 hydroplanin/ what shorty
(Where you disappear to, son?)
Maintainin puttin myself in a position most of these rappers ain't in
I'm livin the ill streets blues got you hunger painin
Nothin to gain and a whole lot to lose you still slingin-fool
I'm thorough in every boro my name be ringin
Warmin it up for the perfect time to hit your brain and
Ya Feelin it? to all the girls that bought a girdle to conceal my bricks
No doubt they can vouch my life is real as shit
95 south and poppy on the hill and shit
And all the towns like Cambridge that I killed wit shit
And all the thorough ass niggas that I hustle wit
Throw your joints in the air one time and bust your shit
These fake rappers cant really know I'm lovin it ya feelin it

(Chorus x2)

Verse 3:

What y'all ain't heard that nigga Jay high?
The Cristals they keep me wet like Baywatch
I keep it tight for all the nights my mom prayed I'd stop
Said she had dreams a sniper hit me with a fatal shot
Those nightmares mom
Those dreams you say you got give me the chills
But these mils make me hot y'all don't feel me
Enough to stop the illin right?
But at the same time these dimes keep me feelin tight
I'm so confused
OK I'm gettin weeded now I know I'm contradicting myself
Look I don't need that now
It just once in a blue when there's nothin to do and
The tension gets too thick for my sober mind to cut through
I get to zonin me and the chick on the l and then we're bonin
I free my mind sometimes I hear myself moanin
Take one more toke and I leave that weed alone man
It got me goin shit

(Chorus x3)
Intro: dre

*man pissing*
Heah hah hah!
Im serious nigga one of yall niggaz got this ass motherfuckin up
Aiy baby, aiy baby... aiy baby get some bubblegum in this motherfucker
Steady long, steady long nigga

Verse one: snoop

With so much drama in the l-b-c
Its kinda hard bein snoop d-o-double-g
But i, somehow, some way
Keep comin up with funky ass shit like every single day
May i, kick a little something for the gs (yeah)
And, make a few ends as (yeah!) I breeze, through
Two in the mornin and the partys still jumpin
Cause my momma aint home
I got bitches in the living room gettin it on
And, they aint leavin til six in the mornin (six in the mornin)
So what you wanna do, sheeeit
I got a pocket full of rubbers and my homeboys do too
So turn off the lights and close the doors
But (but what) we dont love them hoes, yeah!
So we gonna smoke a ounce to this
Gs up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers bounce to this

Chorus: repeat 2x

Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]

Verse two:

Now, that, I got me some seagrams gin
Everybody got they cups, but they aint chipped in
Now this types of shit, happens all the time
You got to get yours but fool I gotta get mine
Everything is fine when you listenin to the d-o-g
I got the cultivating music that be captivating he
Who listens, to the words that I speak
As I take me a drink to the middle of the street
And get to mackin to this bitch named sadie (sadie? )
She used to be the homeboys lady (oh, that bitch)
Eighty degrees, when I tell that bitch please
Raise up off these n-u-ts, cause you gets none of these
At ease, as I mob with the dogg pound, feel the breeze
Beeeitch, Im just

Chorus

Verse three:

Later on that day
My homey dr. dre came through with a gang of tanqueray
And a fat ass j, of some bubonic chronic that made me choke
Shit, this aint no joke
I had to back up off of it and sit my cup down
Tanqueray and chronic, yeah Im fucked up now
But it aint no stoppin, Im still poppin
Dre got some bitches from the city of compton
To serve me, not with a cherry on top
Cause when I bust my nut, Im raisin up off the cot
Dont get upset girl, thats just how it goes
I dont love you hoes, Im out the do
And Ill be

Chorus

Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice (beeotch!!)
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice (beeotch!!)
Laid back [with my mind on my money and my money on my mind]
Intro:

Scene was so thick, low rides, seventy-seven Sevilles
El Dawgs, nuttin but them 'llacs
All the players, all the hustlers, i'm talking about
Black man heaven, yah know what i'm saying? Peace

Verse One:

it's beginnin to look a lot like what?
follow my every step take notes
on how i creep I's bout ta go in deep
this is the way i creep my season
here's my ghetto rep i kept to say
the least no no it can't cease so i
begin to piece my two and two together
gots no snowy weather have to
find something to do better bet!
i said subtract so shut up that
nonsense about some solid nine i got say
crock if it ain't real it
ain't right i'm like no matter what the season
forever chill with spin i get my fin i chill with less
and got my reasons so tell me what did you expect?
you thought i'd break my neck to help y'all deck the halls oh
now i got nuther means of celebratin i'm gettin biz to that ho-jo i
gots the hoochie waitin i made it through
to another year cain't ask fo much mo it's Outkast
for the boots i thought you knew so now you know
let's go

Chorus

all the players came from far and wide
wearing afros and braids in every gangstar ride
now i'm here to tell yah there's a better day
when the player ball is happenin on christmas day

Verse Two

hallelujah hallelujah yah know i do some things more different than i
used ta coz i'm a player doing what the players do the package store is
closed okay my deck is woofin this is rediculus i'm gettin serious i'm
gettin curious coz the house is smelling sick of chitlins all this
vicious i make no wishes coz the modern folk is in the back gettin tipsy
off the nog-en and i's in a hellova contact smoke they havin a smoke out
in my back seat they passing herb reminding verses coz it's in the air i
hit the parks hit the cuts i'm makin switches clicking the switches side
ta side lookin for bitches watchin for snitches i'm wide open on the
freeway my pager broke my vibe coz a junkie is a junkie three sixty
five it's just another day of work to me the spirit just ain't in me
grab my pistol and my ounce see what they junkies got to give me coz
it's like that, yeah

clever pimpin, never slipin, that's how it is [check it!]

Verse Three

ain't no chimminies in the ghetto so i won't be hangin my socks on no
tip how far does it tick fix me a drink i got the remedy so bring in
that ham [not!] don't need no ham [hocks!] don't play me like i'm smokin
rocks i got the money we gots the freaks in the dungeon just to let you
know coz in ninety three that's how we comin so hoe hoe hoes check my
king ass fro the gin and juice gots me tipsy so on

it goes hit me ten and i'll serve you then now we in the corner in my
cadillac my heart does not go pitty pat for no rat i'm leaning back my
elbows out the windows cold rhyming indo fills my body where's the party
we rode deep we dip to underground see's a lot of hoes around i split my
game while waiting count down a five fo a three two here comes the one a
do yah have me copy folks spark another one

here's a little something for all the players out there hustling, gettin
down for theirs, from east point, college park, decatur, devrai, you
know world wide, down for theirs
Intro: Nas

Yeah yeah, aiyyo black it's time (word?)
(Word, it's time nigga?)
Yeah, it's time man (aight nigga, begin)
Yeah, straight out the fuckin dungeons of rap
Where fake niggaz don't make it back
I don't know how to start this shit, yo, now

[Verse One: Nas]

Rappers I monkey flip em with the funky rhythm I be kickin
Musician, inflictin composition
of pain I'm like Scarface sniffin cocaine
Holdin a M-16, see with the pen I'm extreme, now
Bulletholes left in my peepholes
I'm suited up in street clothes
Hand me a nine and I'll defeat foes
Y'all know my steelo with or without the airplay
I keep some E&amp;amp;amp;amp;J, sittin bent up in the stairway
Or either on the corner bettin Grants with the celo champs
Laughin at baseheads, tryin to sell some broken amps
G-Packs get off quick, forever niggaz talk shit
Remeniscing about the last time the Task Force flipped
Niggaz be runnin through the block shootin
Time to start the revolution, catch a body head for Houston
Once they caught us off guard, the Mac-10 was in the grass and
I ran like a cheetah with thoughts of an assassin
Pick the Mac up, told brothers, the Mac spit
Lead was hittin niggaz one ran, I made him backflip
Heard a few chicks scream my arm shook, couldn't look
Gave another squeeze heard it click yo, my shit is stuck
Try to cock it, it wouldn't shoot now I'm in danger
Finally pulled it back and saw three bullets caught up in the chamber
So now I'm jetting to the building lobby
and it was filled with children probably couldn't see as high as I be
(So whatchu sayin?) It's like the game ain't the same
Got younger niggaz pullin the triggers bringing fame to they name
and claim some corners, crews without guns are goners
In broad daylight, stickup kids, they run up on us
Fo'-fives and gauges, Macs in fact
Same niggaz'll catch a back to back, snatchin yo' cracks in black
There was a snitch on the block gettin niggaz knocked
So hold your stash until the coke price drop
I know this crackhead, who said she gotta smoke nice rock
And if it's good she'll bring ya customers in measuring pots, but yo
You gotta slide on a vacation
Inside information keeps large niggaz erasin and they wives basin
It drops deep as it does in my breath
I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death
Beyond the walls of intelligence, life is defined
I think of crime when I'm in a New York state of mind

[Rakim:]
New York state of mind (*repeat 4X*)

[Verse Two: Nas]

Be havin dreams that I'ma gangster -- drinkin Moets, holdin Tecs
Makin sure the cash came correct then I stepped
Investments in stocks, sewing up the blocks
to sell rocks, winning gunfights with mega cops
But just a nigga, walking with his finger on the trigger
Make enough figures until my pockets get bigger
I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testin
Give me a Smith and Wessun I'll have niggaz undressing
Thinkin of cash flow, buddah and shelter
Whenever frustrated I'ma hijack Delta
In the P.J.'s, my blend tape plays, bullets are strays
Young bitches is grazed each block is like a maze
full of black rats trapped, plus the Island is packed
From what I hear in all the stories when my peoples come back, black
I'm livin where the nights is jet black
The fiends fight to get crack I just max, I dream I can sit back
and lamp like Capone, with drug scripts sewn
Or the legal luxury life, rings flooded with stones, homes
I got so many rhymes I don't think I'm too sane
Life is parallel to Hell but I must maintain
and be prosperous, though we live dangerous
cops could just arrest me, blamin us, we're held like hostages
It's only right that I was born to use mics
and the stuff that I write, is even tougher than dykes
I'm takin rappers to a new plateau, through rap slow
My rhymin is a vitamin, Hell without a capsule
The smooth criminal on beat breaks
Never put me in your box if your shit eats tapes
The city never sleeps, full of villians and creeps
That's where I learned to do my hustle had to scuffle with freaks
I'ma addict for sneakers, twenties of buddah and bitches with beepers
In the streets I can greet ya, about blunts I teach ya
Inhale deep like the words of my breath
I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death
I lay puzzle as I backtrack to earlier times
Nothing's equivalent, to the new york state of mind

[Rakim:]
New York state of mind (*repeat 4X*)

Nasty Nas (*scratched 8X*)
I shall not fear no man, but God
Though I walk through tha valley of death
I shed so many tears
Please God walk with me...

Back in Elementry, I thrived on misery
Left me alone I grew up amongst a dying breed
Inside mind couldn't find a place ta rest
Untill I got that Thug Life tatted on my chest
Tell me can ya feel me ?
I'm not liven in tha Past, You wanna last
Be tha first ta blast, remember Kato
No longer with us he's deseased
Call on tha sirens, I seem him murdered in tha streets
Now rest in peace
Is there heaven for a 'G' ?
Remember me, so many homies in the cemetary
Shed so many tears

[Chorus]

Lord
I suffer through tha years
And shed so many tears
Lord
I lost so many peers and shed so many tears

Now that i'm strugglin' in this business
By any means, label me greedy gettin green
But seldom seen
And fuck tha world cuz i'm cursed
I'm havin visions of leaven here in a hurse
God can ya feel me?
Take me away from all tha pressure and all tha pain
Show me some happiness again
I'm goin' blind
I spend my time in this cell, ain't livin' well
I know my destiny is hell, where did I fail ?
My life is in denial
And when I Die, babtised in Eternal Fire
Shed so many tears...

[Chorus]

Lord
I suffer through tha years
And shed so many tears
Lord
I lost so many peers and shed so many tears

Now i'm lost and i'm weary
So many tears, i'm suicidal, so don't stand near me
My every move is a compilated step
Ta bring me closer
To embrace an early death now there's nothing left
There was no mercy on tha streets
I couldn't rest
I'm barely standing, bout to go to pieces, screaming peace
And though my soul was deleted, I couldn't see it
I had my mind full of demons tryin' ta break free
They planted seeds and they hatched sparking tha flame
Inside my brain like a match, such a dirty game
No memories, just misery
Painting a picture of my enemies killing me in my sleep
Will I survive till' tha morning ta see tha sun
Please lord forgive me for my sins
Cause here I come...

[Chorus]

Lord
I suffer through tha years
And shed so many tears
God
I lost so many peers and

Lord knows i've tried, been a witness ta homicide
Drive-bys taken lives, little kids die
Wonder why as I walk by
Broken hearted as I glance at tha chaulk line, gettin' high
This ain't tha life for me
I wanna change
But ain't no future right for me
I'm stuck in tha game
I'm trapped inside a maze
See this Tangaray influenced me ta gettin crazy
Disillusioned lately
I've been really wanting babies
So I could see a part of me that wasn't always shady
Don't trust my lady
Cause she's a product of this poison, i'm hearen noises
Think she's fucken on my boys, can't take no more
I'm fallin' to tha floor
Beggin' for tha Lord ta let me in Heavens door
I shed so many tears...

[Chorus]

Lord
I lost so many peers
And shed so many tears
I lost so many peers and shed so many tears
I suffered through tha years and shed so many tears
Intro

Clap your hands everybody, if you got what it takes
Cos I'm KRS and I'm on the mic, and Premier's on The Breaks

Verse 1

If you don't know me by now I doubt you'll ever know me
I never won a Grammy, I won't win a Tony
But I'm not the only MC keepin' it real
When I grab the mic to smash a rapper,
girls go Illlll!
Check the time as I rhyme, it's 1995
Whenever I arrive the party gets liver
Flow with the master rhymer, that's to leave behind
The video rapper, you know, the chart climber
Clapper, down goes another rapper
Onto another matter, punch up the data, Blastmaster
Knowledge Reigns Supreme Over Nearly Everybody
Call up KRS, I'm guaranteed to rip a party
Flat top, braids, bald heads or natty dread
There once was a story about a man named Jed
But now Jed is dead, all his kids instead
Want to kick rhymes off the top of they head
Word, what go around come around I figure
Now we got white kids callin' themselves niggas
The tables turned as the crosses burned
Remember You Must Learn
About the styles I flip and how wild I get
I go on like a space age rocket ship
You could be a mack, a pimp, hustler or player
But make sure live you is a dope rhyme sayer

Verse 2

This is what you waited all year for
The hardcore, that's what KRS is here for
Big up Grand Wizard Theodore, gettin' ill
If you see then ya saw I'm in your grill with mad skill
MC's can only battle with rhymes that got punchlines
Let's battle to see who headlines
Instead of flow for flow let's go show for show
Toe for toe, yo, you better act like you know
Too many MC's take that word 'emcee' lightly
They can't Move a Crowd, not even slightly
It might be the fact that they express wackness
Let me show ya whose ass is the blackest
I flip a script a little bit, you ride the tip and shit
Too sick to get with it, admit you bit, your style is counterfeit
Now tone it down a bit
My title you will never get, I'm too intelligent
I'll send your family my sentiments, my style is toxic
When I rock and shock and hip hop it unlock your head, I knock it
It split quick from the lyric
Direct hit, perfect fit, you can't get with it

Verse 3

Some MC's don't like the KRS but they must respect him
Cos they know this kid gets all up in they rectum
Slappin' and selectin' em, checkin' em, disrespectin' em
Just deckin' em, deckin' em, deck-in' em
Who in their right mind can mimic a style like mine?
I design rhyme and get mine all the time
MC's standin' on the sidelines, always dissin'
When I roll up and rush their crew they start bitchin'
I don't burn, I don't freeze, yet some MC's
Believe they could tangle with the likes of these
Cross your t's and dot your i's whenever I arrive
Wide, magnified, live like the ocean tide
You dope, you lied, I reside like artefacts
On the wrong side of the tracks, electrified
Comin' around the mountain, you run and hide
Hopin' your defence mechanism can divert my heat-seeking lyricism
As I spark mad iszm
The 1996 lyrical style's what I give 'em
[Bone]
Bone Bone Bone Bone.. Bone.. Bone.. Bone.. Bone.. Bone
Now tell me whatcha gonna do
when there ain't no where to run (tell me what)
(When judgment comes for you, when judgment comes for you)
And whatcha gonna do
when there ain't no where to hide (tell me what)
When judgment comes for you (Cause it's gonna come for you)

[Bizzy]
Head south let's all bring it in for Wally, Eazy sees uncle Charlie
Little Boo, but God's got him and I'm gonna miss everybody
I only rolled and blows my gauge looked at him while he lay
When playing with destiny, plays too deep for me to say
Lil' Layzie came to me, told me if he should decease well then please
Bury me by my grand-grand and when you can, come follow me

[Layzie]
God bless you working on a plan to Heaven
Follow the Lord all 24/7 days, GOD is who we praise
even though the devil's all up in my face
But he keeping me safe and in my place, say grace
For the case to race with a chance to face the judge
And I betcha my soul won't budge
Grudge because there's no mercy for thugs
Oh what can I do it's all about our family and how we roll
Can I get a witness let it unfold
We living our lives to eternal our soul aye-oh-aye-oh

[Krayzie]
Prayyyyyyy, and we pray and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
Everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday
and we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
Still we laced, now follow me roll stroll
Whether is tell of his Heaven
Come let's go take a visit of people that's long gone
Darris, Wally, Eazy, Terry, Boo
It's steadily creeping up on the family
Exactly how many days we got lasting
While you laughing we're passing, passing away
So y'all go rest y'all souls
Cause I know I'ma meet you up at the crossroads
Y'all know y'all forever got love from them Bone Thugs baby

[Wi$h]
Lil Eazy's long gone
Really wish he would come home
But when it's time to die
Gotta go bye bye
All a lil thug could do is cry, cry
Why they kill my dog and man
I miss my uncle Charles y'all
and he shoudn't be gone, in front of his home
What they did to Boo was wrong
Oh so wrong, oh so wrong
Gotta hold on gotta stay strong
When the day comes
Better believe Bone got a shoulder you can lean on (lean on)

Hey and we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday
and we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday

[Chorus - Layzie and Krayzie]
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads

[Bizzy]
And I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody when I'm gone
And I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody

[Layzie]
Living in a hateful world sending me straight to Heaven
That's how we roll
Living in a hateful world sending me straight to Heaven
That's how we roll
Living in a hateful world sending me straight to Heaven
That's how we roll
And I'm asking the good LORD "Why?" and sigh
It's I he told me we live to die

[Krayzie]
What's up with murder y'all, see my little cousin was hung
Somebody was really wrong, everybody want to test us dawg
Then Miss Sleazy set up Eazy to fall, you know why we sinning
And Krayzie intended on ending it when it ends
Wanna come again, again and again
Now tell me whatcha gonna do

[Wi$h]
Can somebody anybody tell me why?
Hey, can somebody anybody tell me why we die, we die?
I don't wanna die

Ohhh so wrong
Ohhhhh wrong
Ohhh so wrong
Ohhhhh wrong

[Chorus - repeat gradually fading away]


[Thanks to micah231@aol.com, cakeater2@hotmail.com, rushshorty5@yahoo.com, Shortygirl4m8105@aol.com for correcting these lyrics]
Talking at the beginning:
Hey y'all,
we is havin a ball,
And you know they ask me to get on the mic,
And they ask me,
Can I kick it? word
Yes you can
Can I kick it?
Yes you can

Proper song now:

Can I kick it? Yes you can x7

Well I'm gone...
Gone.....

Can I kick it?
To all the people who can Quest like a Tribe does,
Before this did you really know what life was,
Comprehend to the track for its wide cos,
Gettin mentions on the tip of the vibe buzz,
Rock 'n' roll to the beat of the funk fuzz,
Wipe your feet really good on the rhythm rug,
If you feel the urge to freak do the jitter bug,
Come and spread your arms if you really need a hug,
Afro-centric living is a big shrug,
A life filled with *horn* thats what I love,
A lower plateu is what we're above,
If you diss us we wont even think of,
Will nipper the doggy give a big shove,
This rhythm really fits like a snug glove,
Like a box of positives its a plus love,
As the Tribe flies high like a dove...

Music but in background: Can I kick It? x2

Can I kick it Yes you can x7

Well I'm gone....
Gone.....

Can I kick it?
To my tribe that flows in layers,
Right now Phife is a poem sayer,
At times I'm a studio conveyer,
Mr Dinkens will you please be my mayor,
You'll be doing us a really big favour,
Boy this track really has a lot of flavour,
When it comes to rhythms Quest is your savior,
Follow us for the funky behavior,
Make a note on the rhythm we gave ya,
Feel free to drop your pants and check your hair,
Do you like the garments that we wear?
I instruct you to be the obeyer,
A rhythm recipe that you'll savour,
Doesn't matter if you're minor or major,
Yes the Tribe of the game rhythm player,
And you inhale like a breath of fresh air...

Music but in background: Can I kick it? x2

Music fade to end...
The revolution will not be televised
The revolution is here
Yeah, it's Common Sense, with DJ Premier
We gonna help y'all see clear
It's real hip-hop music, from the soul, y'all
Yeah, check it, yo

The perseverence of a rebel I drop heavier levels
It's unseen or heard, a king with words
Can't knock the hustle, but I've seen street dreams deferred
Dark spots in my mind where the scene occured
Some say I'm too deep, I'm in too deep to sleep
Through me, Muhammed will forever speak
Greet brothers with handshakes in ghetto landscapes
Where a man is determined by how much a man make
Cop Cognacs and spit old raps with young cats
with cigarettes in their ear, niggerish they appear
Under the Fubu is a guru, that's untapped
Want to be in the rap race but ain't ran one lap
Ran so far from the streets that you can't come back
You tripping with nowhere to unpack, forgot that

Chorus: (Scratched by DJ Premier with variations):

"This is rap for real, something you feel"
"And you know, yes you know"
"Rap for the black people"
"Heeeeyyyy, heeeeeyyyy"

In front of two-inch glass and Arabs I order fries
Inspiration when I write, I see my daughter's eyes
I'm the truth, across the table from corporate lies
Immortilized by the realness I bring to it
If revolution had a movie I'd be theme music
My music, you either fight, fuck, or dream to it
My life is one big rhyme, I try to scheme through it
Through my shell, never knew what the divine would bring to it
I'd be lying if I said I didn't want millions
More than money saved, I wanna save children
Dealing with alcoholism and afrocentricity
A complex man drawn off of simplicity
Reality is frisking me
This industry will make you lose intensity
The Common Sense in me remembers the basement
I'm Morpheus in this hip-hop Matrix, exposing fake shit

Chorus

Somedays I take the L to gel with the real world
Got on at 87th, stopped by this little girl
She recited raps, I forgot where they was from
In 'em, she was saying how she made brothers cum
I start thinking, how many souls hip-hop has affected
How many dead folks this art resurrected
How many nations this culture connected
Who am I to judge one's perspective?
Though some of that shit y'all pop true it, I ain't relating
If I don't like it, I don't like it, that don't mean that I'm hating
I just want to innovate and stimulate minds
Travel the world and penetrate the times
Escape through rhythms in search of peace and wisdom
Raps are smoke signals letting the streets know I'm with 'em
For now I appreciate this moment in time
Ball players and actors be knowing my rhymes, it's like

Chorus til fade
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Oooh
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Oooh
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava

I met this fly girl in a club
Went by the name of Pecan Deluxe
This ice-cream was high maintenance
When I took her out, nearly cost me twenty bucks
I met this chick named Walnut Whip
Nearly made me sick to the point of throwing up
So I called Chocolate Chip
With the sweet toffee crisp and I still can't get enough

You're what I want (uh)
You're what I need (come on)
I wanna taste ya (taste ya)
And take you home with me
You look so good (oh)
Good enough to eat
I wonder if I could peel your wrapper
I could be your fantasy

Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Oooh
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Oooh
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava

Uh, I take them in the middle of July
With the drop top down and the park when its simmering
These ice creams looking so fly that I just can't lie
It all seems too bewildering
They got these grown men running round
Screaming out, acting worse than children
But who flow better
Know better
Stack cheddar
Get more tongues wetter
Than this ice-cream veteran?

You're what I want (ow)
You're what I need (you're what I need)
I wanna taste ya (taste ya)
And take you home with me (take ya home with me)
You look so good (you look so good)
Good enough to eat
I wonder if I could peel your wrapper
I could be your fantasy

Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Oooh
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Oooh
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava

Girl, whats your flava
Whats your flava, whats your flava
Tell me whats your flava
Tell me whats your...

Hey, I'm taking them apple and cinnamon
Girls, I'm feeling them can't stop licking them
Thats why they got me dribbling
Hot fudge sauce and its all over my Timberlands
I take them caramel with a hint of vanilla
With a little chocolate sprinklings
They make me spend my dividends
These sweet things make me feel like a kid again

You're what I want (ow)
You're what I need (you're what I need)
I wanna taste ya (taste ya)
And take you home with me (take ya home with me)
You look so good (you look so good)
Good enough to eat
I wonder if I could peel your wrapper
I could be your fantasy

Whats your flava? (come on)
Tell me whats your flava (mmm)
Oooh
Whats your flava? (yeah)
Tell me whats your flava (i wanna taste ya)
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Oooh
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
(Tell me whats your flava)

I want chocolate girl
I want toffee girl
I want vanilla girl
To rock my world

Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
G:
Regulators
We regulate any stealing of his property
And we damn good too
But you can't be any geek off the street,
Gotta be handy with the steel if you know what I mean, earn your keep!
REGULATORS!!! MOUNT UP!
88
G:
It was a clear black night, a clear white moon
Warren G. was on the streets, trying to consume
some skirts for the eve, so I can get some funk
just rollin in my ride, chillin all alone

Nate:
Just hit the Eastside of the LBC
on a mission trying to find Mr. Warren G.
Seen a car full of girls ain't no need to tweak
all you skirts know what's up with 213

G:
So I hooks a left on the 2-1 and Lewis
some brothas shootin dice so I said "Let's do this"
I jumped out the ride, and said "What's up?"
some brothas pulled some gats so I said "I'm stuck."

Nate:
Since these girls peepin me I'ma glide and swerve
these hookers lookin so hard they straight hit the curb
Won'tcha think of better things than some horny tricks
I see my homey and some suckers all in his mix

G:
I'm gettin jacked, I'm breakin myself
I can't believe they taking Warren's wealth
they took my rings, they took my rolex
I looked at the brotha said "Damn, what's next?"

Nate:
They got my homey hemmed up and they all around
ain't none of them seeing if they going straight pound for pound
They wanna come up real quick before they start to clown
I best pull out my strap and lay them busters down

G:
They got guns to my head
I think I'm going down
I can't believe this happenin' in my own town
If I had wings I would fly
let me contemplate
I glanced in the cut and I see my homey Nate

Nate:
Sixteen in the clip and one in the hole
Nate Dogg is about to make some bodies turn cold
now they droppin and yellin '
it's a tad bit late
Nate Dogg and Warren G. had to regulate

I laid all them busters down
I let my gat explode
now I'm switching my mind back into freak mode
if you want skirts sit back and observe
I just left a gang of ho's over there on the curb

G:
Now Nate got the freaks
and that's a known fact
before I got jacked I was on the same track
back up back up cause it's on
N-A-T-E and me
the Warren to the G.

Nate:
Just like I thought
they were in the same spot
in need of some desperate help
the Nate Dogg and the G-child
were in need of something else
one of them dames was sexy as hell
I said "ooo I like your size."
she said "my car's broke down and you sing real nice,
would ya let me ride?"
I got a car full of girls and it's going real swell
the next stop is the Eastside Motel

G:
I'm tweaking
into a whole new era
G-Funk
step to this
I dare ya
Funk
on a whole new level

Nate:
the rhythm is the bass and the bass is the treble

G:
Chords
Strings
We brings
Melody
G-Funk
where rhythm is life
and life is rhythm

Nate:
If you know like I know
you don't wanna step to this
It's the G-Funk era
funked out with a gangsta twist
if you smoke like I smoke
then you high like everyday
and if your ass is a buster
2-1-3 will regulate
Look, if you had, one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment
Would you capture it, or just let it slip? Yo

His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin'
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's chokin' how, everybody's jokin' now
The clock's run out, time's up, over, BLOW!
Snap back to reality, oh, there goes gravity
Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad
But he won't give up that easy, no, he won't have it
He knows his whole back's to these ropes
It don't matter, he's dope
He knows that, but he's broke, he's so stacked that he knows
When he goes back to his mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again, yo, this whole rhapsody
He better go capture this moment and hope it don't collapse on him

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

The soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a, new world order
A normal life is boring, but superstardom's close to post-mortem
It only grows harder, only grows hotter
He blows us all over, these hoes is all on him
Coast to coast shows, he's known as the globetrotter
Lonely roads, god only knows he's grown farther from home
He's no father, he goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose 'cuz here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose dove and sold nada
So the soap opera is told and unfolds, I suppose it's old partner
But the beat goes on da da dum da dum da da

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

No more games, I'm a change what you call rage
Tear this mothafuckin' roof off like 2 dogs caged
I was playin' in the beginnin', the mood all changed
I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin', stepped writin' the next cypher
Best believe somebody's payin' the pied piper
All the pain inside amplified by the fact
That I can't get by with my nine to five
And I can't provide the right type of life for my family
'Cuz, man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
And there's no movie, there's no Mikhai Pfeiffer
This is my life, and these times are so hard
And it's getting even harder tryin' to feed and water my seed, plus
Teetertotter caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama screamin' on and too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony
Has gotten me to the point I'm like a snail
I've got to formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only mothafuckin' option, failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's lot
So here I go with my shot, feet fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime

You better lose yourself in the music, the moment
You own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime


You can do anything you set your mind to, man
Moving up and down and from side to side
With so many things to do
I want to go again I want another ride
This time should see it through

We never realised as the years rolled by
No we never really had a clue
But we knew one day we'd come alive
And in the end there's me and you

My babe, she gives me everything
She gives me everything I need

When the winter comes and the cold sets in
As this city's prone to do
They forecast heavy seas and gale force winds
that's really nothing new

When I'm falling down
Deeper than the underground
My thoughts race back to you
Again and again

My babe, she gives me everything
she gives me everything I need

And if you think us fools
And you criticize
Then my friend the joke's on you

My babe, she gives me everything
She gives me everything I need.
&amp;amp;lt;ah yeah
I with this
I just gonna sit here laid back to this nice mellow beat, you know
And drop some smooth lyrics
Cause it ?8
Time to set it straight, knowwhatIsaying
And ain no half stepping
Word
I ready&amp;amp;gt;

Rappers stepping to me they want to get some
But I the Kane, so yo, you know the outcome
Another victory
They can get with me
So pick a BC date cause youe history
I the authentic poet to get lyrical
For you to beat me, it gonna take a miracle
And, stepping to me, yo that the wrong move
So what you on, Hobbs, dope or dog food?
Competition I just devour
Like a pitbull against a Chihuahua
Cause when it comes to being dope, hot damn
I got it good, now let me tell you who I am
The B-I-G D-A-double D-Y K-A-N-E
Dramatic, Asiatic, not like many
I different, so don compare me to another
Cause they can hang, word to the mother
At least not with the principal in this pedigree
So when I roll on you rappers, you better be
Ready to die because youe petty
Youe just a butter knife, I a machete
That made by Ginzu, wait until when you
Try to front, so I can chop into
Your body, just because you try to be basing
Friday the 13th, Ima play Jason
No type of joke, gag, game, puzzle or riddle
The name is Big Daddy, yes Big not little
So define it
Here your walking papers, sign it
And take a walk
As the Kane start to talk, cause...

&amp;amp;lt;Break&amp;amp;gt;
Ain no half-steppin?&amp;amp;lt;scratched&amp;amp;gt; I the Big Daddy Kane
(3 times)

My rhymes are so dope and
The rappers be hoping
To sound like me, so soon Il have to open
A school of MCing, for those who want to be in
My field in court
Then again on second thought
To have MC coming out sounding so similar
It quite confusing for you to remember
The originator, and boy do I hate a
Perpetrator, but I much greater
The best oh yes I guess suggest the rest should fess
Don mess or test your highness
Unless you just address with best finesse
And bless the paragraph I manifest
Rap prime minister, some say sinister
Non-stopping the groove, until when it the
Climax, and I max, relax and chill
Have a break from a take of me acting ill
Brain cells are lit, ideas start to hit
Next the formation of words that fit
At the table I sit, making it legit
And when my pen hits the paper, ahh shit!
I stop and stand strong over MC
And devour with the power of Hercules
Or Samson, but I go further the length
Cause you could scalp my cameo and Il still have strength
And no, that not a myth, and if you try to riff
Or get with, the man with the given gift of gab
Your vocab, Il only ignore
Be sleeping on your rhymes till I start to snore
You can awake me, or even make me
Fear you, son, cause you can do me none
So, think about it if youe trying to go
When you want to step to me, I think you should know that...

&amp;amp;lt;Break&amp;amp;gt;
Ain no half-steppin?&amp;amp;lt;scratched&amp;amp;gt; I the Big Daddy Kane
(3 times)

I appear right here and scare and dare
A mere musketeer that would dare to compare
Put him in the rear, back there where he can see clear
Get a beer, idea or near stare, yeah
So on to be want to be competition
Trying to step to me--must be on a mission
Up on the stage is where Ima get you at
You think I losing?
Psst, picture that...

&amp;amp;lt;Break&amp;amp;gt;
Ain no half-steppin?(3 times)
Mister Cee, step to me...

The name is Big Daddy, you know, as in your father
So when you hear a def rhyme, believe that I the author
I grab the mic and make MC evaporate
The party people say, damn...that rapper great
The creator conductor of poetry
Et cetera, et cetera, it ain easy being me
I speak clearly so you can understand
Put words together like letter, man
Now that dictation, proceeding to my innovation
Not like the other MC, who are an imitation
Or an animation, a cartoon to me
But when I finished, I sure that you are soon to see
Reality, my secret technique
Because I always speak with mentality
I put my title in your face, dare you to base
And if you try and come get it, yo Ima show you who with it
So if you know like I know, instead of messing around
Play like Roy Rogers and slooow doown
Just give yourself a break, or someone else will take
Your title, namely me, cause I homicidal
That means murder, cause I about to hurt a-
Nother MC, that try to get with me
Il just break him and bake him and rake him
and take him and mold him and make him
Hold up the peace sign...
Assalam Walaikum!
[Big Boi]
Well it's the M - I - crooked letter, ain't no one better
And when I'm on the microphone you best to wear your sweater
Cause I'm cooler than a polar bear's toenails
Oh hell, there he go again talkin' that shit
Bend, corner's like I was a curve, I struck a nerve
And now you bout to see this Southern playa serve
I heard it's not where you're from but where you pay rent
Then I heard it's not what you make but how much you spent
you got me bent like elbows, amongst other things, but I'm not worried
Cause when we step up in the party, like I'm out-you-scurry
So go get your fuckin' shine box, and your sack of nickles
It tickles to see you try to be like Mr. Pickles
Daddy fat sacks, B-I-G B-O-I
It's that same motherfucka that took them knuckles to your eye
And I try, to warn you not to test but you don't listen
Givin' a shout out to my Uncle Donnell locked up in prison

Hook: Andre' (2x)

Now throw your hands in the air
And wave 'em like you just don't care
And if you like fish and grits and all that pimp shit
Everybody let me hear you say O Yea-er

[Andre']
Now, my oral illustration be like clitoral stimulation
to the female gender, ain't nothin' better
Let me know when it's wet enough to enter
If not I'll wait, because the future of the world depends on
Therefore, if not the child we raise gon' have that nigga syndrome
Or will it know to be the hard regardless of the skintone
I really feel that if we tune it, it just might get picked on
Or will it give a fuck about what others say and get gone
The alienators cause we different keep your hands to the sky
Like Sounds of Blackness when I practice what I preach ain't no lie
I'll be the baker and the maker of the piece of my pie
Now breaker, breaker 10-4 can I get some reply?
Now everybody say...

Hook (2x)

[Big Boi]
Everyday I sit while my nigga be in school
Thinkin' about the second album at the Dungeon shootin' pool
Like E-S to the P-N, cuz we adjust to the beat in the zone (zone)
Honey I'm home but I'm not married
Carried a lot of problems around being fustrated
And now I'm sittin' at the end of the month I just made it
Like you made the B team
And like the daddy's wife you makin' the coffee
You heard the A-T-L-iens
So back the hell up off me...

[Andre']
Softly as if I played piano in the dark
Found a way to channel my anger not to embark
The world's a stage and everybody's got to play their part
God works in mysterious ways so when he starts
the job of speakin' through us we be so sincere with this here
No drugs or alcohol so I can get the signal clear as day
Put my glock away I got a stronger weapon
that never runs out of ammunition so I'm ready for war okay

Hook (2x)
If you havin girl problems I feel bad for you, son
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one

I got the Rap Patrol on the gat patrol
Foes that wanna make sure my casket's closed
Rap critics that say he's "Money, Cash, Hoes"
I'm from the hood stupid, what type of facts are those?
If you grew up with holes in your zapatos
You'd celebrate the minute you was havin dough
I'm like fuck critics, you can kiss my whole asshole
If you don't like my lyrics, you can press fast forward
Got beef with radio if I don't play they show
they don't play my hits - well I don't give a shit, SO!
Rap mags try and use my black ass
So advertisers can give 'em more cash for ads, fuckers!
I don't know what you take me as
Or understand the intelligence that Jay-Z has
I'm from, rags to riches, niggaz I ain't dumb
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me!

99 problems but a bitch ain't one
If you havin girl problems I feel bad for you son
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me!

The year is ninety-four, in my trunk is raw
In my rearview mirror is the motherfuckin law
Got two choices y'all, pull over the car or (hmm)
bounce on the Devil, put the pedal to the floor
And I ain't tryin to see no highway chase with Jay
Plus I got a few dollars, I can fight the case
So I, pull over to the side of the road
I heard "Son do you know what I'm stoppin you for?"
Cause I'm young and I'm black and my hat's real low
Or do I look like a mindreader sir? I don't know
Am I under arrest or should I guess some mo'?
"Well you was doin fifty-five in a fifty-four;
license and registration and step out of the car -
are you carryin a weapon on you? I know a lot of you are"
I ain't steppin out of shit, all my paper's legit
"Well do you mind if I look around the car a little bit?"
Well my glove compartment is locked, so is the trunk in the back
And I know my rights, so you gon' need a warrant for that
"Aren't you sharp as a tack! You some type of lawyer or somethin, somebody important or somethin"
Child I ain't passed the bar, but I know a little bit
Enough that you won't illegally search my shit
"Well we'll see how smart you are when the canine comes"
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me!

99 problems but a bitch ain't one
If you havin girl problems I feel bad for you son
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me!

99 problems but a bitch ain't one
If you havin girl problems I feel bad for you son
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me!

Now once upon a time, not too long ago
A nigga like myself had to strongarm a hoe
This is not a hoe in the sense of havin a pussy
But a pussy havin no God damn sense, try an' push me
I try to ignore him, talk to the Lord
Pray for him, but some fools just love to perform
You know the type, loud as a motorbike
But wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight
And only thing that's gon' happen is I'ma get to clappin and
he and his boys gon' be yappin to the Captain
And there I go, trapped in the Kit-Kat again
Back through the system with the riff-raff again
Fiends on the floor, scratchin again
Paparazzis with they cameras, snappin them
D.A. try to give a nigga shaft again
Half a mill' for bail cause I'm African
All because this fool was harassin them
Tryin to play the boy like he's saccharin
But ain't nuttin sweet bout how I hold my gun
I got 99 problems but and a bitch ain't one - hit me!

99 problems but a bitch ain't one
If you havin girl problems I feel bad for you son
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me!

99 problems but a bitch ain't one
If you havin girl problems I feel bad for you son
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one - hit me!

.. Whoo! Whoo! Uh, uh
Havin girl problems I feel bad for you son
I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one, ha ha!
You crazy for this one Rick! It's your boy!
Little somethin for my godson Elijah and a little girl named Corrine

Verse One:

Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
I say the darker the flesh then the deeper the roots
I give a holler to my sisters on welfare
Tupac cares, if don't nobody else care
And uhh, I know they like to beat ya down a lot
When you come around the block brothers clown a lot
But please don't cry, dry your eyes, never let up
Forgive but don't forget, girl keep your head up
And when he tells you you ain't nuttin don't believe him
And if he can't learn to love you you should leave him
Cause sista you don't need him
And I ain't tryin to gas ya up, I just call em how I see em
You know it makes me unhappy (what's that)
When brothas make babies, and leave a young mother to be a pappy
And since we all came from a woman
Got our name from a woman and our game from a woman
I wonder why we take from our women
Why we rape our women, do we hate our women?
I think it's time to kill for our women
Time to heal our women, be real to our women
And if we don't we'll have a race of babies
That will hate the ladies, that make the babies
And since a man can't make one
He has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one
So will the real men get up
I know you're fed up ladies, but keep your head up

Chorus

Ooooh child things are gonna get easier
Ooooh child things are gonna get brighter

Ooooh child things are gonna get easier
Ooooh child things are gonna get brighter

Verse Two:

Aiyyo, I remember Marvin Gaye, used to sing ta me
He had me feelin like black was tha thing to be
And suddenly tha ghetto didn't seem so tough
And though we had it rough, we always had enough
I huffed and puffed about my curfew and broke the rules
Ran with the local crew, and had a smoke or two
And I realize momma really paid the price
She nearly gave her life, to raise me right
And all I had ta give her was my pipe dream
Of how I'd rock the mic, and make it to tha bright screen
I'm tryin to make a dollar out of fifteen cents
It's hard to be legit and still pay tha rent
And in the end it seems I'm headin for tha pen
I try and find my friends, but they're blowin in the wind
Last night my buddy lost his whole family
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity
It seems tha rain'll never let up
I try to keep my head up, and still keep from gettin wet up
You know it's funny when it rains and pours
They got money for wars, but can't feed the poor
They say there ain't no hope for the youth and the truth is
there ain't no hope for tha future
And then they wonder why we crazy
I blame my mother, for turning my brother into a crack baby
We ain't meant to survive, cause it's a setup
And even though you're fed up
Huh, ya got to keep your head up

Chorus

Verse Three:

And uhh
To all the ladies havin babies on they own
I know it's kinda rough and you're feelin all alone
Daddy's long gone and he left you by ya lonesome
Thank the Lord for my kids, even if nobody else want em
Cause I think we can make it, in fact, I'm sure
And if you fall, stand tall and comeback for more
Cause ain't nuttin worse than when your son
wants to kno why his daddy don't love him no mo'
You can't complain you was dealt this
hell of a hand without a man, feelin helpless
Because there's too many things for you to deal with
Dying inside, but outside you're looking fearless
While tears, is rollin down your cheeks
Ya steady hopin things don't all down this week
Cause if it did, you couldn't take it, and don't blame me
I was given this world I didn't make it
And now my son's getten older and older and cold
From havin the world on his shoulders
While the rich kids is drivin Benz
I'm still tryin to hold on to survivin friends
And it's crazy, it seems it'll never let up, but
please... you got to keep your head up
Girl:Uncle Ricky, could u read us a bed time story please, o please
(Alright you kids get into bed ill get the story
y'all tuck in?)yea

Here we go,
Once upon a time not long ago,
when people wore pajamas and lived life slow,
When laws were stern and justice stood,
and people were behavin' like they ought to good,
There lived a lil' boy who was misled,
by another lil' boy and this is what he said:
"Me, You, Ty, we gonna make some cash,
robbin' old folks and makin' ah dash",
They did the job, money came with ease,
but one couldn't stop, it's like he had a disease,
He robbed another and another and a sista and her brotha,
tried to rob a man who was a D.T. undercover,
The cop grabbed his arm, he started acting erratic,
he said "Keep still, boy, no need for static",
Punched him in his belly and he gave him a slap,
but little did he know the lil' boy was strapped,
The kid pulled out a gun, he said "Why'd ya hit me?",
the barrel was set straight for the cop's kidney,
The cop got scared, the kid, he starts to figure,
"I'll do years if I pull this trigga",
So he cold dashed and ran around the block,
cop radioes it to another lady cop,
He ran by a tree, there he saw this sista,
a shot for the head, he shot back but he missed her,
Looked around good and from expectations,
so he decided he'd hit for the subway stations,
But she was coming and he made a left,
he was runnin' top speed till he was outta breath,
Knocked an old man down and swore he killed him,(sorry)
then he made his move to an abandoned building,
Ran up the stairs up to the top floor,
opened up the door there, guess who he saw?,
Dave the dope fiend shootin' dope,
who don't know the meaning of water nor soap,
He said(I need bullets, hurry up, run)
the dope fiend brought back a spanking shotgun,
He went outside but there was cops all over,
then he dipped into a car, a stolen Nova,
Raced up the block doing 83,
crashed into a tree near university,
Escaped alive though the car was battered,
rat-a-tat-tatted and all the cops scattered,
Ran out of bullets and still had static,
grabbed a pregnant lady and pulled out the automatic,
Pointed at her head and he said the gun was full o' lead,
he told the cops(Back off or honey here's dead),
Deep in his heart he knew he was wrong,
so he let the lady go and he starts to run on,
Sirens sounded, he seemed astounded,
before long the lil' boy got surrounded,
He dropped the gun, so went the glory,
and this is the way I must end this story,
He was only seventeen, in a madman's dream,
the cops shot the kid, I still hear him scream,
This ain't funny so don't ya dare laugh,
just another case 'bout the wrong path,
Straight 'n narrow or yo' soul gets cast(?).

Good Night.
Girl:I kno this story is really wierd...Good nite
[Intro: Mos Def]
Booka-booka-booka-booka-booka-booka
Ha hah
You know the deal
It's just me, dog
Beats by Suprimo for all of my people, negroes and latinos
and even gringos...

Yo, check it one for Charlie Hustle, two for Steady Rock
Three for the fourth comin live, future shock
It's five dimensions, six senses
Seven firmaments of heaven to hell, 8 Million Stories to tell
Nine planets faithfully keep in orbit
with the probable tenth, the universe expands length
The body of my text posess extra strength
Power-liftin powerless up, out of this, towerin inferno
My ink so hot it burn through the journal
I'm blacker than midnight on Broadway and Myrtle
Hip-Hop past all your tall social hurdles
like the nationwide projects, prison-industry complex
Working class poor better keep your alarm set
Streets too loud to ever hear freedom ring
Say evacuate your sleep, it's dangerous to dream
for cha-ching cats get the CHA-POW, who dead now?
Killin fields need blood to graze the cash cow
some numbers game, but shit don't add up somehow
Like I got, sixteen to thirty-two bars to rock it
but only 15% of profits, ever see my pockets like
Sixty-nine billion in the last twenty years
spent on national defense but folks still live in fear like
nearly half of America's largest cities is one-quarter black
That's why they gave Ricky Ross all the crack
Sixteen ounces to a pound, twenty more to a ki
A five minute sentence hearing and you're no longer free
40% of Americans own a cell phone
so they can hear, everything that you say when you ain't home
I guess, Michael Jackson was right, 'You Are Not Alone'
Rock your hardhat black cause you in the Terrordome
full of hard niggaz, large niggaz, dice tumblers
Young teens and prison greens facin life numbers
Crack mothers, crack babies and AIDS patients
Young bloods can't spell but they could rock you in PlayStation
This new math is whippin motherfucker's ass
You wanna know how to rhyme you better learn how to add
It's mathematics.

[Chorus X2: scratched by DJ Premier]
{The Mighty Mos Def..}
{It's simple mathematics}
{Check it out!}
{I revolve around science..}
{What are we talking about here?}

Do your math} (X2)
{One..two..three..four}
{What are we talking about here?}

Yo, it's one universal law but two sides to every story
Three strikes and you be in for life, manditory
Four MC's murdered in the last four years
I ain't tryin to be the fifth when the millenium is here
Yo it's 6 Million Ways to Die, from the seven deadly thrills
Eight year olds gettin found with 9 mill's
It's 10 P.M., where your seeds at? What's the deal
He on the hill puffin krill to keep they belly filled
Light in the ass with heavy steel, sights on the pretty shit in life
Young soldiers tryin to earn they next stripe
When the average minimum wage is $5.15
You best believe you gotta find a new grind to get CREAM
The white unemployment rate, is nearly more than triple for black
so frontliners got they gun in your back
Bubblin crack, jewel theft and robbery to combat poverty
and end up in the global jail economy
Stiffer stipulations attached to each sentence
Budget cutbacks but increased police presence
And even if you get out of prison still livin
join the other five million under state supervision
This is business, no faces just lines and statistics
from your phone, your zip code, to S-S-I digits
The system break man, child, and women into figures
Two columns for who is, and who ain't niggaz
Numbers is hardly real and they never have feelings
but you push too hard, even numbers got limits
Why did one straw break the camel's back? Here's the secret:
The million other straws underneath it - it's all mathematics!

[Chorus X2]

{Mathematics..}
Now in my younger days I used to sport a shag
When I went to school I carried lunch in a bag
With an apple for my teacher cause I knew Id get a kiss
Always got mad when the class was dismissed
But when it was in session, I always had a question
I would raise my hand to make her stagger to my desk and
Help me with my problem, it was never much
Just a trick, to smell her scent and try to sneak a touch
Oh, how I wish I could hold her hand and give her a hug
She was married to the man, he was a thug,
His name was lee, he drove a z,
Hed pick her up from school promptly at three oclock
I was on her jock, yes indeedy I wrote graffiti on the bus
First Id write her name then carve a plus,
With my name last, on the looking glass,
I seen her yesterday but still I had to let her pass

She keeps on passin me by...

When I dream of fairytales I think of me and shelly
See shes my type of hype and I cant stand when brothers tell me
That I should quit chasin and look for something better
But the smile that she shows makes me a go-getter
I havent gone as far as asking if I could get with her
I just play it by ear and hope she gets the picture
Im shootin for her heart, got my finger on the trigger
She could be my broad, and I could be her (nigga)
But, all I can do is stare...
Back as kids we used to kiss when we played truth or dare
Now shes more sophisticated, highly edu-ma-cated
Not at all over-rated, I think I need a prayer
To get in her boots and it looks rather dry
I guess a twinkle in her eye is just a twinkle in her eye
Although shes crazy steppin, Ill try to stop her stride
Cause I wont have no more of this passin me by

And I must voice my opinion of not even pretending she didnt have me
Strung like a chicken, chase my tail like a doggie
She was kind of like a star, thinking I was like a fan
Dude, she looked good, down side: she had a man
He was a rooty-toot, a nincompoop
She told me soon your little birdies gonna fly the coop
She was a flake like corn, and I was born not to understand
By lettin her pass I had proved to be a better man

She keeps on passin me by...

Now there she goes again, the dopest ethiopian
And now the world around me be gets movin in slow motion
When-ever she happens to walk by - why does the apple of my eye
Overlook and disregard my feelings no matter how much I try?
Wait, no, I did not really pursue my little princess with persistance;
And I was so low-key that she was unaware of my existance
From a distance I desired, secretly admired her;
Wired her a letter to get her, and it went:
My dear, my dear, my dear, you do not know me but I know you very well
Now let me tell you about the feelings I have for you
When I try, or make some sort of attempt, I symp
Damn I wish I wasnt such a wimp!
cause then I would let you know that I love you so
And if I was your man then I would be true
The only lying I would do is in the bed with you
Then I signed sincerely the one who loves you dearly, ps love me tender
The letter came back three days later: return to sender
Damn!

She keeps on passin me by...
(intro)
Buy me diamonds and rubies
I'm crazy bout bentleys
gucci dresses and
drop top kompressors
wine me and dine me
bring those platinum rings
those are a few of our favourite things

CHORUS
Buy me diamonds and rubies
I'm crazy bout bentleys
gucci dresses and
drop top kompressors
wine me and dine me
bring those platinum rings
those are a few of our favourite things

what i need is a gentleman
who does the best he can
there to hold my hand
i want him to understand
of course i want diamonds
and expensive things
cos a girl gotta have her
favourite things

Oh thats what you like
nice type of life
platinum and ice
not diamon ite
well thats alright
you looking right
ass kinda tight
cum spend the night
roll with the G
Oh we can B
right you and me
like fantasy
i'll make it real
so what the deal
girl tell randy just
how you feel

CHORUS

I would like a man who
would take care of business
and still have the time to
take me on a shopping spree
whats mine is yours and
whats yours is mine
with what we have
lets put a together and we can shine

I know what you want and
and got what you need
i belive you should be
rolling with me
i'll take you around
out on the town
and show you the way
that a baller gets down
whenever youre ready
girl we can go now
and we can do things you
dont even know how
i know that you know
that im feeling your style
so tell me what to do just
to make you go wild

CHORUS

Let me tell you about D
is all about
simplicity, easy to please
but i like expensive things
for me you can buy
diamonds and pearls
just some of the little things
i like in the world

so you like wining and
dining and shining
gliding and riding
pushing them hot whips
mummy come get
with a real pimp
its flosing flawless honest
ill make you a shopaholic
buying you stuff
until you vomitt
blowing cronic
hopping on it
even if you didnt want it

CHORUS X2
(Check that shit)
Aight fuck that shit, word word
Fuck that other shit, youknowhatI'msayin?
We gon' do a little somethin like this, yaknahmsayin?
(Is they up on this?)
Keep it on and on and on and on and..
KnowhatI'msayin? Big Nas, Grand Wizard, God what it is?
(What it is like?) Hah, knowhatI'msayin?
Yo go 'head, do that shit nigga

[Nas]
I rap for listeners, blunt heads, fly ladies and prisoners
Henessey holders and old school niggaz, then I be dissin a
unofficial that smoke woolie thai
I dropped out of Cooley High, gassed up by a cokehead cutie pie
Jungle survivor, fuck who's the liver
My man put the battery in my back, a differencem from Energizer
Sentence begins indented.. with formality
My duration's infinite, moneywise or physiology
Poetry, that's a part of me, retardedly bop
I drop the ancient manifested hip-hop, straight off the block
I reminisce on park jams, my man was shot for his sheep coat
Childhood lesson make me see him drop in my weed smoke
It's real, grew up in trife life, did times or white lines
The hype vice, murderous nighttimes, and knife fights invite crimes
Chill on the block with Cog-nac, hold strap
with my peeps that's into drug money, market into rap
No sign of the beast in the blue Chrysler, I guess that means peace
For niggaz no sheisty vice to just snipe ya
Start off the dice-rollin mats for craps to cee-lo
With sidebets, I roll a deuce, nothin below (Peace God!)
Peace God -- now the shit is explained
I'm takin niggaz on a trip straight through memory lane
It's like that y'all .. it's like that y'all .. it's like that y'all

Chorus: repeat scratches 4X

"Now let me take a trip down memory lane" -] BizMarkie
"Comin outta Queensbridge"

[Nas]
One for the money
Two for pussy and foreign cars
Three for Alize niggaz deceased or behind bars
I rap divine Gods check the prognosis, is it real or showbiz?
My window faces shootouts, drug overdoses
Live amongst no roses, only the drama, for real
A nickel-plate is my fate, my medicine is the ganja
Here's my basis, my razor embraces, many faces
Your telephone blowin, black stitches or fat shoelaces
Peoples are petrol, dramatic automatic fo'-fo' I let blow
and back down po-po when I'm vexed so
my pen taps the paper then my brain's blank
I see dark streets, hustlin brothers who keep the same rank
Pumpin for somethin, some will prosper, some fail
Judges hangin niggaz, uncorrect bails, for direct sales
My intellect prevails from a hangin cross with nails
I reinforce the frail, with lyrics that's real
Word to Christ, a disciple of streets, trifle on beats
I decifer prophecies through a mic and say peace.
I hung around the older crews while they sling smack to dingbats
They spoke of Fat Cat, that nigga's name made bell rings, black
Some fiends scream, about Supreme Team, a Jamaica Queens thing
Uptown was Alpo, son, heard he was kingpin, yo
Fuck 'rap is real', watch the herbs stand still
Never talkin to snakes cause the words of man kill
True in the game, as long as blood is blue in my veins
I pour my Heineken brew to my deceased crew on memory lane

Chorus

"Comin outta Queensbridge" -] scratched

The most dangerous MC is..
"Comin outta Queensbridge" -] scratched

The most dangerous MC is..
"Comin outta Queensbridge" -] scratched

The most dangerous MC is..
"Comin outta Queensbridge" -] scratched

The most dangerous MC is..
Me numba won, and you know where me from
Give it up for Naughty By Nature

Hip Hop Hooray, ho-hey-ho-hey-ho-hey-ho

You drew a picture of my morning
But you couldn't make my day (hey!)
I'm rocking and you're yawning
But you never look my way (hey!)
I'm licking down you darling
In every single way (hey!)
Your funny flow is foreign and a green card's on the way

This ain't got shit to do with shampoo
But watch your Head 'n Shoulders
Brother older bold enough to fold ya
Yo, I told ya
A raid afraid of what I made
and played em plus a funky fit
So save ya flips and tricks
Put that music in the monkey bit

Triggas from the Grill town Ill town
Some ask how it feels now
The deal is that we're real so we're still 'round
Don't lamp with a freestyle phantom
Ain't tryin' to be handsome
Shrinkin' what ya thinkin' cause I'm vampin'

I live and die for Hip Hop
This is Hip Hop of today
I give props to Hip Hop
So Hip Hop Hooray, ho-hey-ho-hey-ho-hey-ho
Hip Hop Hooray, ho-hey-ho-hey-ho-hey-ho

You heard a lot about a brother gainin' mo' ground
Being lowdown
I do the showdown with any little ho' 'round (NO!)
I wanna know who you're believing
Through your funny reasons
Even when I'm sleepin' you think I'm cheating
You said I know you're mister O.P.P man
You P.P man
Won't only see me man
You should've know that I ain't hitting the step
That I was with it a bit
Not to consider the rep (Heck!)
I did your partner cause she's hot as a baker
Cause I'm Naughty By Nature
Not cause I hate ya
You put your heart in a part of a part that spreads apart
And forgot that I forgave when you had a spark

You try to act like something really big is missing
Even though my name's graffiti written on your kitten
I love black women always and disrespect ain't the way
Let's start a family today
Hip Hop Hooray, ho-hey-ho-hey-ho-hey-ho
Hip Hop Hooray, ho-hey-ho-hey-ho-hey-ho

Hip Hop, Hip, Hip Hop, Hip, Hip Hop Hooray
There's many hungry Hip Hoppers
One reason Hip Hop's the top today
Swerve what you heard
Cause I ain't baling no hay
Ain't chopping no crop
But still growing every day

Here's a thunder sound from the wonders found
From the underground town down the hill
Feel how Ill town
Drown smiles to frowns
Snatchin' crowns from clowns
Beat downs are found
Don't know me! Don't come around!

Tippy tippy pause
Tippy tippy pause
Some start creepin' up, I eat 'em up
Their styles are older than Lou Rawls
Peace to this one and that one and them
That's the way I shout out and I didn't miss one friend
Fools get foolish neither them or Parker Lewis knew us
You could have crews with shoes and can't step to us
Some kitty's purr
Now call me sir too
Lookin' for her crew
Any trick that diss gets a curfew
I put on projects for boots
Step through troops and leave proof
My problem solver name is Mook
I'm hittin' woodies in a hoody
Peace to Jesette, Jobete, Jo-Jo, Jenae and every hood Gee
That's right, my fight is ill
Peace goes to L.O.N.S &amp; Quest, Nice &amp; Smooth and Cypress Hill

I live and die for Hip Hop
This is Hip Hop of today
I give props to Hip Hop
So Hip Hop Hooray, ho-hey-ho-hey-ho-hey-ho
Hip Hop Hooray, ho-hey-ho-hey-ho-hey-ho

Smooth it out now
[Big L]
Aiyyo, you betta flee hops, or get your head flown three blocks
L keep rapper's hearts pumpin like Reeboks
And every year I gain clout and my name sprouts
Some brothers'd still be large if the crack never came out
I got the wild style, always been a foul child
My guns go poom-poom, and yo' guns go pow-pow
I'm known to have a hottie open, I keep the shottie smokin
Front and get half the bones in your body broken
And when it comes to gettin nookie I'm not a rookie
I got girls that make that chick Toni Braxton look like Whoopie
I run with sturdy clicks I'm never hittin dirty chicks
Got thirty-five bodies, buddy don't make it thirty-six
Step to this you're good as gone, word is bond
I leave mics torn when I put it on

[Kid Capri]
So put it on Big L, put it on
C'mon put it onnn, and onnn, and onnn
C'mon put it on Big L, put it on
C'mon put it on represent put it on, C'MON!

[Big L]
Nobody can take nuttin from Big L but a loss chief
The last punk who fronted got a mouth full of false teeth
I'm known to gas a hottie and blast the shottie
Got more cash than Gotti (you don't know?) you betta ask somebody
Big L is a crazy brother, and I'm a lady lover
A smooth kid that'll run up in your baby mother
I push a slick Benz, I'm known to hit skinz
and get endz and commit sins with sick friends
Cause I'm a money getter, also a honey hitter
You think you nice as me? Ha ha, youse a funny nigga
I flows, so one of my shoes, wouldn't be clever to miss
I'm leavin competitors pissed
To tell you the truth, it gets no better than this
I'm catchin wreck to the break of dawn
And it's on, yo it's a must that I put it on

[Kid Capri]
Yeah, so put it on Big L, put it on
C'mon put it on, big fella put it on and on
Put it on Big L, put it on represent
Put it on, c'mon put it on..

[* unknown patois chatta - best guess *]
Some boys see me gun nozzle and take a we fi joke
Boy you gwan dead before you see me gun smoke
See me gun nozzle and take me fi joke
You gwan dead, from army you provoked

[Big L]
I drink Moet not Beck's beer, I stay dressed in slick gear
Peace to my homies in the gangsta lean, I see you when I get there
And it's a fact I keep a gat in my arm reach
I charm freaks and bomb geeks from here to Palm Beach
I'm puttin rappers in the wheelchair, Big L is the villain
you still fear, cause I be hangin it hard and my shit is for real here
If you battle L you picked the wrong head
I smash mics like cornbread, you can't kill me I was born dead
And I'm known to pull steel trigs and kill pigs
I run with ill kids and real nigs who peel wigs
My rap's steady slammin, I keep a heavy cannon
It's a new sherriff in town, and it ain't Reggie Hammond
Peace to my peoples, the Children of the Corn
Cause we put it on, adios, ghost I'm gone

[Kid Capri]
So put it on Big L, put it on
C'mon put it on, big fella put it on and on
Big L, you gotta put it on and on
Put it on Big L, put it on and on
Word up, knahmsayin?
My man Big L, runnin things for the nine-four
and nine-oh-S, you know what I mean?
It's the Kid Capri, in full flair
And we gon' put it on a little somethin like this
Big L, c'mon

[Big L]
Fake (fake) Records (records)
Uh,uh, uh, 1,2 1,2
uh,uh 1,2 1,2
uh,uh all my dogs (1,2 1,2)

(hook)
It's bigger than hip hop, hip hop, hip hop, hip
It's bigger than hip hop, hip hop, hip hop, hip hop


uh,
One thing 'bout music
when it hit, you feel no pain
white folks say it controls your brain
I know better 'n that
that's game
and we ready for that
two soldiers, head of the pack
matter of fact, who got the gat
and where my army at
rather attack and not react
back to beats, it don't reflect
on how many records get sold
on sex, drugs and rock'n'roll
whether you're project's put on hold
in the real worl'
these just people with ideas
they just like me and you
when the smoke and cameras disappear
again, the real worl'
is bigger than all these fake-ass records
when po folks got the millions
and my woman's disrespected
if you check 1,2
my word of advice to you
is just relax
just do what you gotta do
if that don't work then kick the facts
if you a fighter, rider, biter, flame ignitor, crowd exciter
or you wanna just get high
then just say it
but then if you a liar, liar, pants on fire, wolf crier,
agent wit' a wire, im gon' know it when I play it

(Repeat hook)

uh,
who shot Biggie Smalls
if we don't get them
they gon' get us all
I'm down for running up on them crackers
in they city hall
we ride for y'all, all my dogs stay real
nigga, don't think these record deals
gon' feed your seeds and pay your bills
because there not (uh-uh)
MCs get a little bit of love
and think they hot
talking 'bout how much money they got
nigga, all your records sound the same
I'm sick of that fake thug, r'n'b, rap scenario
all day on the radio
same scenes in the video
monotonous material
y'all don't hear me though
these record labels slang our tapes like dope
you can be next in line and signed
and still be writin' rhymes and broke
you'd rather have a lexus or justice
a dream or some substance
a beamer, a necklace or freedom
still, a nigga like me don't playa-hate
I just stay awake
it's real hip hop
and it don't stop
till we get the po po off the block
they call it

(repeat hook) x2

DP's got that crazy shit, we keep it crunk' up, john blazin' shit
what
DP's got that crazy shit, we keep it crunk' up, john blazin' shit
what a nigga wanna do
DP's got that crazy shit, we keep it crunk' up, john blazin' shit
1,2 1,2
DP's got that crazy shit, we keep it crunk' up, john blazin' shit
DP's got that crazy shit, we keep it crunk' up (crunk' up) (crunk' up) (crunk' up)

They call it (call it) (call it) (call it) (call it)
Fake (fake) (fake) records (records) (records)
[Ha Ha]
Yeh, What up this is Dr. Dre
The party's goin' on [Ha]
Thank God it's Friday

Bu-Bu-Bu-Bu-Boo-ya-cachad
Bu-Bu-Bu-Bu-Boo-ya-cachad
Bu-Bu-Bu-Bu-Boo-ya-cachad
Bu-Bu-Bu-Bu-Boo-ya-cachad

keep their heads ringin'

ring ding dong ring a ding ding dong
keep their heads ringin'
ring ding dong ring a ding ding dong
uh yeah

hey you sittin over there (say what)
you better get up outta your chair (thats right)
and work your body down (yeah)
no time to funk around cuz we gon

funk you right on up
so get up and get a move on
and get your groove on
its the D-R-E the spectacula'
in a party i go for your neck
so call me Blackula
as i drain a nigga's jugular vein
and maintain to leave blood stains
so don't complain just chill
and listen to the beats i spill
keepin it real
enables me to make another mil
still niggas run up and try to kill at will
but get popped like a pimple
so call me Clearasil
i wipe niggas off the face of the earth
since birth i've been a bad nigga
so let me tell ya what im worth
more than a stealth bomba
i cause drama the enforcer
music floats like a flying saucer
or a 747 jet never forget
i'm that nigga that keeps the hoes panties wet
the mike gets smoked
once you hear the beat kick
with grooves so funky they come with a speed stick
so check the flava that i'm bringin'
the mother fuckin' D-R-E
I keep their mother fuckin' heads ringin'

ring ding dong ring a ding ding dong
keep their heads ringin'
ring ding dong ring a ding ding dong

one two for the crew
three four for the dough
five for the hoes
six seven eight for Death Row
mad niggas bout to feel the full effect
of intellect so I can collect respect
plus a check. Now im fend to got end to my men too to take of this business I need to
attend to cuz my rents due.
And this rap shits my meal ticket
so you goddamn right i'ma kick it
or get evicted.I bring terror like Stephen King
a black casanova runnin niggas over like Chrisristine
when i rock the spot wit the flava i got
i get plenty of ass so call me an ass-tronaut
as i blast pass another niggas ass who thought he was strong
but i smoke him like grass just like cheech and chong
when i flow niggas know its time to take a hike
cuz i grab the mike and flip my tongue like a dike
i got rhymes to keep you enchanted
produce smokescreen with the funky green to keep your eyes slanted
so check the flava that im bringin
the motha funkin D-R-E
I keep their mother fuckin heads ringin'

ring ding dong ring a ding ding dong
keep their heads ringin'
ring ding dong ring a ding ding dong

if you want to get on down
you gotta get on down
just get on down

debonair with flair i scare wear and tear
without a care runnin shit as if i was a mayor
but i aint no politician no competition
sendin all opposition to see a mortician
im up front never in the back drop
step on stage and get faded like a flat top
your rhyme sounds like you bought em at stop-n-go
dre came to wax you so just call me mop-n-glo
many try to but just cant rock wit
im six one, two twenty-five of pure chocolate
your chances of jackin me are slim G
cuz i rock from summer til santa comes down the chimney
hoe hoe hoe and so as i continue to flow
Cuz yo im just a fly Negro so
check the flava that im bringin
the motha funkin D-R-E
I keep their mother fuckin heads ringin'

ring ding dong ring a ding ding dong
I keep their mother fuckin heads ringin'
ring ding dong ring a ding ding dong

ring ding dong ring a ding ding dong
I keep their heads ringin'
ring ding dong ring a ding ding dong
(You got me shook up shook down shook out on your loving)
(On your loving)

Verse 1
I want a girl with extensions in her hair
Bamboo earrings
At least two pair
A Fendi bag and a bad attitude
That's all I need to get me in a good mood
She can walk with a switch and talk with street slang
I love it when a woman ain't scared to do her thing
Standing at the bus stop sucking on a lollipop
Once she gets pumping its hard to make the hottie stop
She likes to dance to the rap jam
She sweet as brown sugar with the candied yams
Honey coated complexion
Using Camay
Lets hear it for the girl she's from around the way

CHORUS
I need an around the way girl
Around the way girl
That's the one for me
She's the only one for me
I need an around the way girl
(You got me shook up shook down shook out on your loving)

Verse 2
Silky, milky her smile is like sunshine
That's why I had to dedicate at least one rhyme
To all the cuties in the neighborhood
Cause if I didn't tell you then another brother would
Your sweet like sugar with your gangster talk
Want to eat you like a cookie when I see you walk
With your rayon, silk or maybe even denim
It really doesn't matter as long as you're in 'em
You can break hearts and manipulate minds
Or surrender act tender be gentle and kind
You always know what to say and do
Cold flip when you think your man is playing you
Not cheap or petty
You're ready for loving
You're real independent so your parents be bugging
But if you ever need a place to stay
(Oooh you love me)
Come around my way

CHORUS
I need an around the way girl
Around the way girl
That's the one for me
She's the only one for me
To the bridge
I need an around the way girl
(You got me shook up shook down shook out on your loving)

Verse 3
Perm in your hair or even a curly weave
With that New Edition Bobby Brown button on your sleeve
I tell you come here
You say meet me half way
Cause brothers been popping that game all day
Around the way you're like a neighborhood jewel
All the home boys sweat you so you're crazy cool
Wear your gold in the summer with your biking shorts
While you watching all the brothers on the basketball court
Going to the movies with your home girls crew
While the businessmen in suits be hawking you
Baby-hair pumping, lip gloss is shinin'
I think you in the mood for whinin' and dinin'
So we can go out and eat somewhere
We got a lot of private jokes to share
Lisa, Angela, Pamela, Renee I love you (smooch)
You're from around the way

CHORUS
I need an around the way girl
Around the way girl
That's the one for me
She don't love him
(You got me shook)
I need an around the way girl
An around the way girl
Fine as can be
(Oooh you love me)
She oh yea
I need an around the way girl
Around the way girl
That's the one for me
The only one for me
I need an around the way girl
An around the way girl
Fine as can be
(You got me shook up shook down shook out on your loving)
(You got me shook up shook down shook out)
(till fade)
[2Pac]
Yeah
Pour out a little liquor for your homies nigga
This one here go out to my nigga Mike Coolie
(Light up a fat one for this one)
How you come up man?

I started young kickin dust and, livin rough
You watch you mouth around my mama you couldn't cuss man
I had a down ass homie though; we ran the streets
And on the scene at the age of fourteen, huh
I packed a nine and my nigga packed a forty-five
We drinkin forties, lil' shorties livin naughty lives
You couldn't stop us, long as I got my glock, FUCK the coppers
Hangin on the block, slangin rocks and makin profits
I couldn't fuck with the schhhoooollll life, I was a fool
I'll play that motherfucker for a toooollll man
Tonight'll be the night that's what we figurin
Hustlin in the rain felt no pain cause we drinkin
Playin them hoes like manure
First let my nigga fuck and then I fuck that's how we do it (ha ha!)
It's two niggaz comin up out the hood
livin life just as good as we could
But since a bitch can't be trusted
Hoes snitched to the po-lice, now my nigga's busted
The cops whoopin on my nigga in jail
tryin to get a motherfucker to tell
And couldn't nobody diss my nigga
Damn, I miss my nigga
Pour out a little liquor!

"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go" (4X)

This goes out to all you so called G's
Pour out a little liquor for your real motherfuckin partners
Don't let the drink get like that y'all, huh
Pour out a little liquor
Pour out a little liquor
What's that you drinkin on?

Drinkin on gin, smokin on blunts and it's on
Reminisce about my niggaz, that's dead and gone
And now they buried, sometimes my eyes still get blurry
Cause I'm losin all my homies and I worry
I got my back against a brick wall, trapped in a circle
Boxin with them suckers til my knuckles turn purple
Mama told me, "Son there'll be days like this"
Don't wanna think so -- I hit the drink and stay blitzed
We had plans of bein big time G's
Rolling in marked cars, movin them keys
And now I roll up the window, blaze up some indo
Get to' down for my niggaz in the pen, yo
Your son's gettin big and strong
and I'd love'm like one of my own, til you come home and
the years sure fly with the quickness
You do the time, and I'll keep handlin yo' business
That's the way it's supposed to be
Homie, if it was me, you'd do the shit for me
Homie, I can remember scrapin back to back
Throwin dogs on them suckers runnin up on this young hog
I hope my words can paint a perfect picture
And let ya know how much a nigga miss ya
Pour out some liquor!

"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go"

Look at you
Drinkin got you where you don't even give respect to your partners
Pour out some liquor nigga!
It ain't like that
Tip that shit over
Pour out a little liquor!

"My cousin died last year and I still can't let go" (4X)

This for my nigga Madman
Dagz, Hood, Silk yeah
A little liquor for my homies y'all
We in this motherfuckin piece YEAH
Pour out a little liquor
Young Queen, YEAH
This one goes out to all my mack partners
Back in the motherfuckin Bay
Oaktown still in the motherfuckin house
(Pour out a little liquor)
My nigga Richie Rich, Gov'na
(I don't care, Nighttrain, Henessey)
All my real motherfuckin partners
(Pour out a little liquor)
And all my real partnas in Marin, fuck you busta ass niggaz
Yeah nigga, pour out a little liquor!!
Verse One: Guru

No way you'll never make it
Come with the weak shit, I break kids
Step into my zone, mad rhymes will stifle ya
Lines like rifles go blast when I kick some ass
A lot of rappers be like one time wonders
Couldn't say a fly rhyme if there was one right under
Their noses, I hate those motherfuckin posers
But I'm so real to them it's scary
And with my unique skills nag you can't compare me
And no we don't make wack tracks
and all the suckers get pushed back when I'm kickin real facts
I represent set up shit like a tent boy
You're paranoid cause you're my son like Elroy
And you'd be happy as hell to get a record deal
Maybe your soul you'd sell to have mass appeal

Verse Two:

Oh yes I'm greater than all MC's when I breeeze give me room please
I be like fascinatin when I be updatin
Cuttin off wack kids, pullin their trump cards
I thump hard, and mak eem say that I'm God
Niggaz be pretendin they hardcore
Never know the meaning of [real hardcore]
But I get props like a slogan and no man
Could ever try to diss when I kicks my jam
Lyrically def and connecting complete mic wrecking
No double checking vocals kill like weapons
But if I have to I go all out with no mic
Yeah that's right cause I survived mad fights
And for my peeps I truly care
Cause without some of them I wouldn't be here
And they all know how I feel
Cause suckers be like playin themselves to have mass appeal

Verse Three:

I know I'm dope but don't wet that
I've suffered setbacks but now I'm makin greenbacks
Just like baggy slacks I'm crazy hip-hop
Check one two and you don't stop
Your head'll bop when I drop my crop
of pure bomb, just like the seashore I'm calm
But wild, with my monotone style
Because I don't need gimmicks
Gimme a fly beat and I'm all in it
Word is bond I go on and on
For you it's tragic I got magic like wands
So I'ma end this lecture and I betcha
Those who kick dirt and do time I'm gonna get cha
Cause I be kickin the real
While they be losin the race tryin to chase mass appeal
[speaking softly, gradually getting louder]
One time.. yeah.. yeah..

Yo, all I need is one mic, one beat, one stage
One nigga front, my face on the front page
Only if I had one gun, one girl and one crib
One God to show me how to do things his son did
Pure, like a cup of virgin blood; mixed with
151, one sipll make a nigga flip
Writin names on my hollow tips, plottin shit
Mad violence who Im gon body, this hood politics
Ackowledge it, leave bodies chopped in garbages
Seeds watch us, grow up and try to follow us
Police watch us {*siren*} roll up and try knockin us
One knee I ducked, could it be my time is up
But my luck, I got up, the cop shot again
Bus stop glass bursts, a fiend drops his heineken
Richochetin between the spots that Im hidin in
Blackin out as I shoot back, fuck gettin hit! [more sirens]
This is my hood ima rep, to the death of it
til everybody come home, little niggaz is grown
Hoodrats, dont abortion your womb, we need more warriors soon
Sip from the star sun and the moon
In this life of police chases street sweepers and coppers
Stick-up kids with no conscience, leavin victims with doctors
If you really think you ready to die, with nines out
This is what nas is bout, nigga the time is now!

[whispering again]
Yo, all I need is one mic..
All I need is one mic.. thats all I need
All I need is one mic.. all I need niggaz
All I need is one mic.. yeah

[gradually getting louder]
All I need is one blunt, one page, and one pen
One prayer - tell God forgive for one sin
Matter fact maybe more than one, look back
At all the hatred against me, fuck alla them
Jesus died at age 33, theres thirty-three shots
From twin glocks theres sixteen apiece, thats thirty-two
Which means, one of my guns was holdin 17
Twenty-seven hit your crew, six went into you
Everybody gotta die sometime; hope your funeral
Never gets shot up, bullets tear through the innocent
Nothin is fair, niggaz roll up, shootin from wheelchairs
My heart is racin, tastin revenge in the air
I let the shit slide for too many years, too many times
Now Im strapped with a couple of macs, too many nines
If yall niggaz really wit me get busy load up the semis
Do more than just hold it explode the clip until you empty
Theres nothin in our way - they bust, we bust, they rust, we rust
Led flyin, feel it? I feel it in my gut
That we take these bitches to war, lie em down
Cause we stronger now my nigga the time is now!!

[whispering again]
All I need is one mic.. thats all I need, thats all I need
All I need is one mic.. theres nuttin else in the world
All I need is one mic.. thats all a nigga need to do his thing yknow
All I need is one mic..

[starting loud this time, getting quieter]
All I need is one life, one try, one breath Im one man
What I stand for speaks for itself, they dont understand
Or wanna see me on top, too egotistical
Talkin all that slick shit, the same way these bitches do
Wonder what my secrets is, niggazll move on you
Only if they know, what your weakness is I have none
Too late to grab guns Im blastin cause Im a cool nigga
Thought I wouldnt have that ass done? fooled you niggaz
What you call a infinite brawl, eternal souls clashin
War gets deep, some beef is everlastin
Complete with thick scars, brothers knifin each other
Up in prison yards, drama, where does it start?
You know the block was ill as a youngster
Every night it was like a, cop would get killed body found in the dumpster
For real a hustler, purchased my range, niggaz throwin dirt on my name
Jealous cause fiends got they work and complain
Bitches left me cause they thought I was finished
Shoulda knew she wasnt true she came to me when her man caught a sentence
Diamonds are blindin, I never make the same mistakes
Movin with a change of pace, lighter load, see now the king is straight
Swellin my melon cause none of these niggaz real
Heard he was, tellin police, how can a kingpin squeal?
This is crazy, Im on the right track Im finally found
You need some soul searchin, the time is now

All I need is one mic.. yeah, yeah yeah yeah
All I need is one mic.. thats all I ever needed in this world, fuck cash
All I need is one mic.. fuck the cars, the jewelry
All I need is one mic.. to spread my voice to the whole world
I've never seen you look like
This without a reason
Another promise fallen through
Another season passes by you

I never took the smile away
From anybody's face
And that's a desperate way to look
For someone who is still a child

In a big country
Dreams stay with you
Like a lover's voice
Fires the mountainside
Stay alive

I thought that pain and truth
Were things that really mattered
But you can't stay here with
Every single hope you had shattered

I'm not expecting to grow
Flowers in the desert
But I can live and breathe
And see the sun in wintertime

In a big country
Dreams stay with you
Like a lover's voice
Fires the mountainside
Stay alive

In a big country
Dreams stay with you
Like a lover's voice
Fires the mountainside
Stay alive

So take that look out of here
It doesn't fit you
Because it's happened doesn't mean
You've been discarded

Pull up your head off the floor
Come up screaming
Cry out for everything
You ever might have wanted

I thought that pain and truth
Were things that really mattered
But you can't stay here with
Every single hope you had shattered

I'm not expecting to grow
Flowers in the desert
But I can live and breathe
And see the sun in wintertime

In a big country
Dreams stay with you
Like a lover's voice
Fires the mountainside
Stay alive

In a big country
Dreams stay with you
Like a lover's voice
Fires the mountainside
Stay alive

In a big country
Dreams stay with you
Like a lover's voice
Fires the mountainside
Stay alive
Chorus:
It's kinda easy when you listen to the g-dub sound
pioneer speakers bumpin' as i smoke on a pound
I got the sound fo' yo' ass and it's easy to see that this DJ be Warren G

Can I get in where I fit in, sit in, listen
Let me conversate better yet regulate
Shake the spot with my knot, may fade
Cuz I don't like to dream about getting paid
I played ball through the halls of C-I-S
with Snoop Dogg's big brother, call him Dirty Left
Rack 'em up, crack 'em up, stack 'em up against the gate
The homies tryin' to catch me but they can't. Wait
Damn, the street lights just came on
And my momma's on the streets tellin' me to come home
I hit the gate and I hops on my Schwinn
And I tell the homies, "aiight then", yeah

Chorus x2

Verse two, now what the fuck i do?
Catch the bus to Cal State or chill with the Voltron crew
And make a few ends on the side
Here comes a baby blue van, time to ride
So i hops in the van with my nigga Tick
And Baby Poppa, back then, that was my click
We groovin' to Santa Ana
and we plan on makin' hellafied 'mount of money hell yeah
And what I did for extra fees
Was break niggaz after work playin' get like me
I was fourteen years old, havin' a sack
Just a young mutha fucka eatin' Valupacks
Shootin' dice in the corners of the public schools
And i used to gangbang, but now it's a G thang
And i still know how to make those ends
You don't believe me? Go ask the twinz mutha fucka

Chorus x2

Yeah, check dis out, dis is I'm O.G.L.B.
Know what I'm sayin? I'mon my little O.G. Warren G
And he just droppin dis to let you B.G.'s know
What's happen, y'all got to recognize
cuz this is ya know a Long Beach thang
21st Street, but check dis out
G gonna go out there, ya know what i'm sayin'?
And handle that shit ya know? yeah

Chorus x2

(Hey Greg, I hope yo' was tapin' that shit)
Just waking up in the morning gotta thank God
I don't know but today seems kinda odd
No barking from the dog, no smog
And momma cooked a breakfast with no hog
I got my grub on, but didn't pig out
Finally got a call from a girl wanna dig out
Hooked it up on later as I hit the do'
Thinking will i live, another twenty-fo'
I gotta go cause I got me a drop top
And if I hit the switch, I can make the ass drop
Had to stop at a red light
Looking in my mirror not a jacker in sight
And everything is alright
I got a beep from Kim and she can fuck all night
Called up the homies and I'm askin y'all
Which court, are y'all playin basketball?
Get me on the court and I'm trouble
Last week fucked around and got a triple double
Freaking niggers everyway like M.J.
I can't believe, today was a good day

Drove to the pad and hit the showers
Didn't even get no static from the cowards
Cause just yesterday them fools tried to blast me
Saw the police and they rolled right past me
No flexin, didn't even look in a niggaz direction
as I ran the intersection
Went to $hort Dog's house, they was watchin Yo! MTV Raps
What's the haps on the craps
Shake em up, shake em up, shake em up, shake em
Roll em in a circle of niggaz and watch me break em
With the seven, seven-eleven, seven-eleven
Seven even back do' Joe
I picked up the cash flow
Then we played bones, and I'm yellin domino
Plus nobody I know got killed in South Central L.A.
Today was a good day

Left my niggaz house paid
Picked up a girl been tryin to fuck since the twelve grade
It's ironic, I had the brew she had the chronic
The Lakers beat the Supersonics
I felt on the big fat fanny
Pulled out the jammy, and killed the punanny
And my dick runs deep so deep so deep
put her ass to sleep
Woke her up around one
she didn't hesitate, to call Ice Cube the top gun
Drove her to the pad and I'm coasting
Took another sip of the potion hit the three-wheel motion
I was glad everything had worked out
Dropped her ass off, then I chirped out
Today was like one of those fly dreams
Didn't even see a berry flashing those high beams
No helicopter looking for a murder
Two in the morning got the fat burger
Even saw the lights of the Goodyear Blimp
And it read Ice Cube's a pimp
Drunk as hell but no throwing up
Half way home and my pager still blowing up
Today I didn't even have to use my A.K.
I got to say it was a good day.

Hey wait, wait a minute fool
Stop the shit
What the fuck am I thinking about?
(feat. Ghostface Killah)

Intro: Raekwon, Ghostface

Yo what what, yo
Exotic type shit
Ninety-four, we must go to war fast
With the pen and the pad
God damn, shine like gold rims on Pathfinders
Wu-Tang reclines, lamps, for the nine-squares kid
Money clothes designer hoes and shows y'all

Lyrics: Raekwon, Ghostface

Yo, yo, wakin up about ten kid
Jumpin in the shower, peace about to make
moves and slide like greese
What? I'm all about Tecs and checks and nuff respect you front
I'm slammin you like the Lex
So now I'm out in the ninety-five
Rockin that real nigga don't die
Guess down
Drawers Kani!
But yo I'm makin a pit stop
Go and buy a box of glocks, til he rolled up and yo
Whattup Hobbes?
Yo, remember that kid that we vicked
He made a half of mil for real
He brought about fo' bricks
Yo, so now we connect doors, meet me at the airport
TELL GOLDEN ARMS MAINTAIN THE FORT
Get in touch with that West coast Cali crab you stabbed
And meet me at the bitch lab
So word up kid, we slid like a fat four to twelve bid and shit
Couldn't even rest, I need the vic
And when I slept, I dream G's, Son I need some
Keys roll self, call up Son
I heard Pook and Tyriq caught a beef over some real shit
A fake nigga faked and they killed his click
Gimme a minute and I'm with it
Yo niggaz done did it
Rock your vest
Keep your whip tinted
So now we see him up in BoJangles
Stranglin a forty ounce, with ten G's worth of gold bangles
Diamonds, what, all up in his face
With his man's mace, medallions the size of dinner plates
Yo, he knew we knew him so we blew him
Took thirty G's worth of jewels of that nigga
DO HIM!
So now I'm lampin in my man's Land
Streets is hot like sand
Jesus rollin in my right hand
Yup, you know the steezo black
Got to go down like that
Shallah
Cigars
AND BALL HATS

Outro:

Ninety-four, takin niggaz to war, yo, yo

What do you believe in? Heaven or hell?
You don't beleive in heaven cause we're livin in hell
(repeat 2X)
So it's your life
*we're livin in hell, we're livin in hellllllll*
What a chamber, fuckin with mad strangers
Yeah, you know how it runs baby, straight up yo
Money clothes, designer hoes and shows y'all
That's how it goes
Whatever

What do you believe in? Heaven or hell?
You don't believe in heaven cause we're livin in hell
31st chamber y'all
So it's your life

(What do you believe in? Heaven or hell?)
Niggaz ain't even know Son, only half is sewed cash
(You don't believe in heaven cause we're livin in hell)
They haven't yet sold their weight
(What do you believe in? Heaven or hell?)
Question, shit is real, youknowhatI'msayin
(You don't believe...)
Niggaz think it's all about a real live Allah
A little hundred dollars and that make you a man
KnowhatI'msayin?
You ain't even promised tomorrow Son, word up
Niggaz don't understand how life can be so short
Come so fast
With the blinkin of eye, blinkin of eye you're gone baby
Straight up, knowhatI'msayin, get turned to dust
Return to the casket
That ass is out Son, word up
Word up, get evaporated, straight up
Word up
Lose all your strength nigga
Crazy dedication shout out to the memory of Two Cent Jason
Heartbroken, we soakin wet though
Keepin it real for my peopls
Yeah, yo
And my physical brother DeVon, you're still in here baby
Because you're in my arms nigga, word up
I never let you go baby
YouknowhatI'msayin? You my life charm, word up
For real
Keep shinin
Real for keepin it real, shout out to major niggaz
Big Kawai, Jess, Hell in the computer system
The RZA, who slams fat discs for the ninety-four
Word up, RZA, he's my nigga baby
Yeah, eatin dinner with the big boys now
YaknowhatI'msayin?
Word up, Big Booth represent the Q
Knowhowedo, lamp, get that power-u, type, things on float
GZA, word up, Master Killer
The don of the Clan, Method Man, Inspector Deck
Dirty Bastard
U-God, word up baby
Keep it real Son
Keep packin them guns
Word up
This shit is wicked on these mean streets
None of my friends speak
We're all trying to win, but then again
Maybe it's for the best though, 'cause when they're seeing too much
You know they're trying to get you touched
Whoever said illegal was the easy way out couldn't understand the mechanics
And the workings of the underworld, granted
Nine to five is how to survive, I ain't trying to survive
I'm trying to live it to the limit and love it a lot
Life ills, poison my body
I used to say 'fuck mic skills,' and never prayed to God, I prayed to Gotti
That's right it's wicked, that's life I live it
Ain't asking for forgiveness for my sins, endz
I break bread with the late heads, picking their brains for angles on
all the evils that the game'll do
It gets dangerous, money and power is changing us
And now we're lethal, infected with D'Evils...

We used to fight for building blocks
Now we fight for blocks with buildings that make a killing
The closest of friends when we first started
But grew apart as the money grew, and soon grew black-hearted
Thinking back when we first learned to use rubbers
He never learned so in turn I'm kidnapping his baby's mother
My hand around her collar, feeding her cheese
She said the taste of dollars was shitty so I fed her fifties
About his whereabouts I wasn't convinced
So I kept feeding her money 'til her shit started to make sense
Who could ever forsee, we used to stay up all night at slumber parties
now I'm trying to rock this bitch to sleep
All the years we were real close
Now I see his fears through her tears, know she's wishing we were still close
Don't cry, it is the (beat?)
In time, I'll take away your miseries and make 'em mine, D'Evils...

My flesh, no nigga could test
My soul is possessed by D'Evils in the form of diamonds and lexuses
The exorcist, got me doing skits like Homie
You don't know me, but the whole world owe me
Strip!
Was thought to be a pleasant guy all my fucking life
So now I'm down for whatever, ain't nothing nice
Throughout my junior high years it was all friendly
But now this higher learning got the Remy in me
Liquors invaded my kidneys
Got me ready to lick off, mama forgive me
I can't be held accountable, D'Evils beating me down, boo
Got me running with guys, making G's, telling lies that sound true
Come test me, I never cower
For the love of money, son, I'm giving lead showers
Stop screaming, you know the demon said it's best to die
And even if Jehovah witness, bet he'll never testify, D'Evils...
Intro/Chorus

We got the jazz [X4]

Verse One: Q-Tip

Stern firm and young with a laid-back tongue
The aim is to succeed and achieve at 21
Just like Ringling Brothers, I'll daze and astound
Captivate the mass, cause the prose is profound

Do it for the strong, we do it for the meek
Boom it in your boom it in your boom it in your Jeep
Or your Honda or your Beemer or your Legend or your Benz
The rave of the town to your foes and your friends

So push it, along, trails, we blaze
Don't deserve the gong, don't deserve the praise
The tranquility will make ya unball your fist
For we put hip-hop on a brand new twist

A brand new twist with the homie-alistic
So low-key that ya probably missed it
And yet it's so loud that it stands in the crowd
When the guy takes the beat, they bowed

So raise up squire, address your attire
We have no time to wallow in the mire
If you're on a foreign path, then let me do the lead
Join in the essence of the cool-out breed

Then cool out to the music cuz it makes ya feel serene
Like the birds and the bees and all those groovy things
Like getting stomach aches when ya gotta go to work
Or staring into space when you're feeling berserk

I don't really mind if it's over your head
Cuz the job of resurrectors is to wake up the dead
So pay attention, it's not hard to decipher
And after the horns, you can check out the Phifer

Chorus


Verse Two: Phife Dawg

Competition, dem Phifer come sideway
But competition, dey mus' me come straightway
Competition, dem Phifer come sideway
But competition, dey mus' come straightway

Hows about that, it seems like it's my turn again
All through the years my mike has been my best friend
I know some brothers wonder, can Phifer really kick it?
Some even wanna dis me, but why sweat it?

I'm all into my music cuz it's how I make papes
Tryin' to make hits, like Kid Capri makes tapes
Me sweat another? I do my own thing
Strictly hardcore tracks, not a new jack swing

I grew up as a Christian so to Jah I give thanks
Collect my banks, listen to Shabba Ranks
I sing, and chat, I do all of that
It's 1991 and I refuse to come wack

I take off my hat to other crews that intend to rock
But the Low End Theory's here, it's time to wreck shop
I got Tip and Shah, so whom shall I fear
Stop look and listen, but please don't stare

So jet to the store, and buy the LP
On Jive/RCA, cassettes and CD's
Produced and arranged by the four-man crew
And oh shit, Skiff Anselm, he gets props too

Make sure you have a system with some phat house speakers
So the new shit can rock, from Mars to Massapequa
Cuz where I come from quality is job one
And everybody up on Linden know we get the job done

So peace to that crew, and peace to this crew
Bring on the tour, we'll see you at a theatre nearest you


Verse Three: Q-Tip

Hey yo but wait, back it up, hup, easy back it up
Please let the Abstract embellish on the cut

Back and forth just like a Cameo song
If you dig this joint then please come dance along
To the music cuz it's done just for the rhyme
Now I gotta scat and get mine, underline

The jazz, the what? The jazz can move that ass
Cuz the Tribe originates that feelin' of pizzazz
It's the universal sound, best to brothers underground
In the one-six below, ya didn't have to go

Some say that I'm a sinner cuz I once had an orgy
And sometimes for breakfast I eat grits and porgies
If this is a stinker, then call me a stink, I ask
"What? What? What?" - now check it out

All my peoples in Queens ya don't stop
Now all my peoples in Brooklyn ya don't stop
And all my peoples uptown ya don't stop
That includes the Bronx a' Harlem ya don't stop

Now to that girl Ramelle ya don't stop
I say because Ladies First ya don't stop
And to the JB's, ya don't stop
And De La Soul, ya don't stop

To my Brand Nubians ya don't stop
And to my Leaders of the New ya don't stop
To my man Large Professor ya don't stop
Pete Rock for the beat ya don't stop

Everybody in the place ya don't stop
Ya keep it on, to the rhythm, ya don't stop
And last but not least on the sure shot
It's the Zulu nation
How people look and people stare
Well I don't think that I even care
You rot your life away and what do they give?
You're only killing yourself t live
Killing Yourself To Live!
Killing Yourself To Live!

Just take a look around you, what do you see?
Pain, suffering, and misery
It's not the way the world was planned
It's a pity you don't understand
Killing Yourself To Live!
Killing Yourself To Live!

I'm telling you!
Believe in me!
Nobody else will tell you
Open your eyes!
And see the lies!
Oh yeah!

Smoke it!
Get high!

You think that I'm crazy and baby I know that it's true
Before that you know it I think that you'll go crazy too

I don't know if I'm up or down
Well the black and whites are blue and brown
The colors in my life are all different somehow
Little boy blue's a big girl now

So you think it's me who's strange
But you've never had to make the change
Never give your trust away
You'll end up in paying till your dying day
[Havoc]
In broad daylight get right..
Just been through it all man
Blood sweat and tears
Niggaz is dead and shit {*music fades in*}
What the fuck else can happen yo?
We done seen it all, and been through it all yo
Let y'all niggaz know right now
Word to mother, for real, for real
That shit is the truth
I'm not lyin..

[Prodigy]
I put my lifetime in between the paper's lines
I'm the "Quiet Storm" nigga who fight rhyme
P yeah you heard of him but, I ain't concerned with them
Nigga I pop more guns than you holdin them
Make my route while the sun's out and scold your men
Unload ten, in broad daylight, get right
Fuck your life - hop on my ninety-eight dirt bike
You try to stop mines from growin, I'll make your blood stop flowin
Take affirmative action, to any ass if he askin (yeah aight)
Now here come the mack 10
You'se a dick blower, tryin to speak the Dunn language
What the drilly with that though? It ain't bangin
You hooked on Mobb-phonics Infamous-bonics
Lyin to the Pop Dog like you got it
You ain't no wildin out for the night fist thrower
Rusty shank holder, we live this shit

Chorus: Havoc

Cause it's the real shit, shit to make em feel shit (the real)
Lump em in the club shit, have you wildin out when you bump this
(hip-hop *echoes*) Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD cause it's never enough
It's the real shit, shit to make em feel shit (the real)
Lump em in the club shit, have you wildin out when you bump this
(hip-hop *echoes*) Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD cause it's never enough



[Prodigy]
Yo the P rock forty inch cables, drinkin white label
My chain hang down to my dick, my piece bang glass tables
Diamonds and guns before the fame Duke
A nigga like me hold tecs, are you the same too?
Goin through the emotions, of gun holdin
Long shotguns down my pants leg limpin
Killer bee who still livin, even my pops too
He taught me how to shoot when I was seven (yup)
I used to bust shots crazy
I couldn't even look because the loud sound used to scare me [POW!]
I love my pops for that, I love my nigga D-Black
I'll take the life of anybody tryin to change what's left
And through all of that a nigga ain't scared of death
All y'all brand new niggaz just scared to death
I spent too many night sniffin coke, gettin right
wastin my life, now I'm tryin to make things right
Grand open some gates, invest, in Iraq business
Do things for the kids (the little Dunns)
Build a jungle gym behind the crib, so they can enjoy youth
CBR's and VCR's
ATV's and big screen TV's, nigga please
Don't make me have to risk my freedom
We worked our whole life for this, you get your shit beat in
For real.. (yo)

Chorus: Havoc

Cause it's the real shit, shit to make em feel shit (hip-hop *echoes*)
Lump em in the club shit, have you wildin out when you bump this
Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD cause it's never enough

[Prodigy]
It go one, two, three to the fourth
That nigga P-Double got that shit
for y'alls peoples to rock to, stirrin up pots of brew
in hell's kitchen, I chef the impossible
To serve hot plates all across the unified states
Sit down and sup with top rap reps
We the streets that's watchin boy move diligent
You better walk like a nigga on the tight rope Duke
Infamous first infantry, first division fourth mission
First assignment -- give em that shit they been missin
My new edition's way bitch
Those that listen, get addicted to my diction
Fuck rhymes I write prescriptions, for your diseased
generic rap's just not potent like P's
One-thousand one-hundred CC's on the throttle
I peel off chest naked on Katanas
Spaghetti head Mobb niggaz is full bred
Fully blown melanin tone, I rock skeleton bone shirts
and verses, but thirst for worse beats
So I can put, more product out on the street
Get respect and love, all across the board
We've been adored, for keepin it raw, nuttin less or more
I score everytime for sure
while the rest of y'all niggaz just nil
(To the real..)

Chorus: Havoc

Cause it's the real shit, shit to make em feel shit (hip-hop *echoes*)
Lump em in the club shit, have you wildin out when you bump this
Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD cause it's never enough
It's the real shit, shit to make em feel shit (the real)
Lump em in the club shit, have you wildin out when you bump this
(hip-hop *echoes*) Drugs to your eardrum, the raw uncut
Have a nigga OD cause it's never enough
(the real... hip-hop *echoes*)
Intro:

Jerome! jerome! put on that bobby womack!
Nah girl I wanna go way back, ahh yeah check this out
*needle is put to the groove on a dusty record*

Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again
Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again
Back in the days

Verse one:

When I just a little niggerole
I looked up to my bigger bro
Begged if I could kick it so
When he went out with girls I could go taggin along
Naggin if she had a sis maybe could mack a baby hoodrat
Y'all remember way back then, when it was 1985
All the way live, I think I was about ten
One of those happy little niggaz singin the blues
That be always tryin to bag with the shag (and karate shoes)
Sayin &amp;amp;quot;yo momma black, his momma this, his momma that&amp;amp;quot;
Then he get mad and wanna scrap
We stay mad about, ten minutes then it's like back on the bike
To play hide and go get it with the younger hoes by the bungaloes
Then switch to playin ding dong ditch, when that gets
Old and too cold to hack it, threw on a bomber jacket
You could tell the ballers 'cause they bell wearin gazelles
If they really had money raised be sportin bk's
And, all the girls had they turkish link
If it broke then they made earrings to it, like they meant to do it
But, sometimes, I still sit and reminesce
Then, think about the years I was raised, back in the days

Chorus:

Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again
Back in the days when I was young I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again
(and everybody say) (I remember way back when)
(and everybody say) (I remember way back when)
(and everybody say) (I remember way back when)
(what? ) (back in the day) (when? ) (back in the day)

Verse two:

I'm still back in the days, but now the year is '87
'88 that's when my crew and I were in junior high
In 7th grade, I hated school (wish it'd blow up)
No doubt I couldn't wait to get out (and be a grownup)


But let me finish this reminescin and tellin
Bout when girls was bellin tight courderoys like for the boys
Basket weaves, nike court airs, and footsie socks
And eatin pickles, with tootsie pops
And it don't stop, I'm glad 'cause when j.j. fad hit
Supersonic it was kinda like a sport to wear biker shorts
Or, to wear jeans and it seemed like the masses
Of hoochies, had poison airbrushes on they asses
Dudes, had on nike suits, and the pumas with
The fat laces, 'cause it was either that or k-swiss
I miss those days, and so I pout like a grown jerk
Wishin all I had to do now, was finish homework
It's true, you don't realize really what you got til it's gone
And I'm not, gonna sing another sad song, but
Sometimes I do sit and reminesce then
Think about the years I was raised, back in the days

Chorus

(and everybody say) (I remember way back when)
(and everybody say) (I remember way back when)
(and everybody say) (I remember way back when)
(what? ) (back in the day) (when? ) (back in the day)

Verse three:

Well, it's the niggerole, I figure that now I'm all grown up
Because I'm eighteen years old, and guess you could say I'm holdin
Down a steady job and crew steady mobbin
You steady bobbin your head and I'm paid, so I got it made
But, didn't always have clout, used to live in south central l.a.
That's where I stayed and figured a way out
I gave it all I had so for what it's worth
I went, from rags to riches which is a drag but now I'm first
So (ahmad and the jones' is on our way up)
Yup, we said that we was gonna make it since a kid
And we finally did, but
Sometimes I still sit and reminesce, then
Think about the years I was raised, back in the days

Chorus

(and everybody say) (I remember way back when)
(and everybody say) (I remember way back when)
(and everybody say) (I remember way back when)
(what? ) (back in the day) (when? ) (back in the day)

(and everybody say) (I remember way back when)
(and everybody say) (I remember way back when)
(and everybody say) (I remember way back when)
(what? ) (back in the day) (when? ) (back in the day)

*fades*
I got so much trouble on my mind
I refuse to lose
Here's your ticket
Hear the drummer get wicked
The crew to you to push the back to Black
Attack so I sat and japped
Then slapped the Mac(Intosh)
Now I'm ready to mike it
(You know I like it) huh
Hear my favoritism roll &amp;quot;Oh&amp;quot;
Never be a brother like to go solo
Lazer, anastasia, maze ya
Ways to blaze your brain and train ya
The way I'm livin', forgiven'
What I'm givin' up
X on the flex hit me now
I don't know about later
As for now I know how to avoid the paranoid
Man I've had it up to here
Gear I wear got 'em goin' in fear
Rhetoric said
Read just a bit ago
Not quittin' though
Signed the hard rhymer
Work to keep from gettin' jerked
Changin' some ways
To way back in the better days
Raw metaphysically bold
Never followed a code
Still dropped a load
Never question what I am God knows
Cause it's comin' from the heart
What I got better get some
(Get on up) hustler of culture
Snakebitten
Been spit in the face
But the rhymes keep fittin'
Respects been givin' how's ya livin'
Now I can't protect a pad off defect
Check the record
An reckon an intentional wreck
Played off as some intellect
Made the call, took the fall
Broke the laws
Not my fault they're fallin' off
Known as fair square
Throughout my years
So I growl at the livin' foul
Black to the bone my home is your home
So welcome to the Terrordome
Subordinate terror
Kickin' off an era
Cold deliverin' pain
My 98 was 87 on a record yo
So now I go Bronco

Crucifixion ain't no fiction
So called chosen frozen
Apology made to who ever pleases
Still they got me like Jesus
I rather sing, bring, think reminisce
'Bout a brother while I'm in sync
Every brother ain't a brother cause a color
Just as well could be undercover
Backstabbed, grabbed a flag
From the back of the lab
Told a Rab get off the rag
Sad to say I got sold down the river
Still some quiver when I deliver
Never to say I never know or had a clue
Word was heard, plus hard on the boulevard
Lies, scandalizin', basin'
Traits of hate who's celebratin' wit satan?
I rope a dope the evil with righteous
Bobbin' and weavin' and let the good get even
C'mon down
And welcome to the Terrordome.
Caught in the race against time
The pit and the pendulum
Check the rhythm and rhymes
While I'm bendin' 'em
Snakes blowin' up the lines of design
Tryin' to blind the science I'm snedin' 'em
How to fight the power
Cannot run and hide
But it shouldn't be suicide
In a game a fool without the rules
Got a hell of a nerve to just criticize
Every brother ain't a brother
Cause a Black hand
Squeezed on Malcom X the man
The shootin' of Huey Newton
From a hand of a Nigger who pulled the trigger

It's weak to speak and blame somebody else
When you destroy yourself
First nothing's worse than a mother's pain
Of a son slain in Bensonhurst
Can't wait for the state to decide the fate
So this jam I dedicate
Places with racist faces
Just an example of one of many cases
The Greek weekend speech I speak
From a lesson learned in Virginia (Beach)
I don't smile in the line of fire
I go wildin'
But it's on bass and drums even violins
Watcha do gitcha head ready
Instead of gettin' physically sweaty
When I get mad
I put it down on a pad
Give ya somethin' that cha never had controllin'
Fear of high rollin'
God bless your soul and keep livin'
Never allowed, kickin' it loud
Droppin' a bomb
Brain game intellectual Vietnam
Move as a team
Never move alone
But
Welcome to the Terrordome
Where would you be without music
You would be nowhere at all
We wouldn't be here doing this now
If you weren't having a ball

One for the road, sharing our load, show us the way

Can you imagine the silence
Not even the pink or white noise
Well thankfully we've got the license
To have us some fun with the boys

One for the road, sharing our load, show us the way

The melody line's fascinating
The rhythm is something divine
It sends our adrenaline racing
To see you all moving so fine

One for the road, sharing our load, show us the way
One for the road...
Hey, yeah ya know what?
I like the players
No Diggity, No doubt
Play on playa
Play on playa
Yo Dre drop the verse

It's going down fade to Blackstreet
The homeys got abby collab creations bump like acne
No doubt I put it down never slouch
As long as my credit could vouch
A dog couldn't catch me ********* out
Tell me who could stop with Dre makin' moves
Attracting honeys like a magnet
Giving them ear-gasms with my mellow accent
Still moving his flavor with the homeys Blackstreet &amp; Teddy
The original rump shakers

Shorty get down, good Lord
Baby got 'em open all over town
Strickly biz she don't play around
Cover much grounds
Got game by the pound
Gettin paid is her forte
Each and every day true player way
I can't get her outta my mind(well)
I think about the girl all the time(well well)

East side to the west side
Push your fat rides it's no surprise
She got tricks in the stash
Stacking up the cash
Fast when it comes to the gas
By no means average
She's on when she's got to have it
Baby your a perfect 10, I wanna get in
Can I get down so I can win

1 - I like the way you work it
(no diggity)
I got to bag it up
i like the way you work it
(no diggity)
I got to bag it up
(bag it up girl)
i like the way you work it
(no diggity)
I got to bag it up
(bag it up)
I like the way you work it
(no diggity)
I got to bag it up

She's got class and style
Street knowledge, by the pound
Baby never act wild, very low key on the profile
Catching feelings is a no
Let me tell you how it goes
Curve's the word, spin's the verb
Lovers it curves so freak what you heard(oooohh)

Rollin with the phatness
You don't even know what the half is
You gotta pay to play
Just for shorty bang bang to look your way
I like the way you work it
Trump tight all day, everyday
You're blowing my mind, maybe in time
Baby I can get you in my ride

Repeat 1

Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
(hey yo that girl looks good)
Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
(play on play on player)
Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
(you're my kind of girl)
Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo

Cuz that's my peeps and we rolls deep
Flying first class from NY City to Blackstreet
What chu know about me
Not a motha fuckin' thing
Cartier wooded frames supported by my shorty
As for me icy gleemin pinky diamond ring
We be's the baddest click up on this scene
Ain't you getting bored with these fake ass broads
High shows and proves, no doubt I be diggin' you so
Please excuse if I come across rude
That's just me and that's how a player's got to be
Stay kickin' game with a capital "G"
Ask the peoples on my block I'm as real as can be
Word is born
Faking moves never been my thing
So Teddy pass the word to your nigga Chauncey
I'll be sending a car, lets say around 3:30
Queen Pen and Blackstreet, it's no diggity

Repeat 1

Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo
Hey yo hey yo hey yo hey yo

Yeah, Come on
Jackie in full effect
Lisa in full effect
Nicky in full effect
Tomeka in full effect
Ladies in full effect
Ain't nothing goin' on but the rent
Yeah play on play that
Play on play on
Cuz I like it
No diggity, no doubt, yeah
Blackstreet productions
We out, we out right
We out, we out
INTRO:
-My God, so they are killers.
I've heard lots of people say once a man's a killer, they just keep
on killing and killing; they sort of develop a taste for blood.
-Yeah, that's right. They kill one man, or kill ten,
it's all the same (yes). After all, THEY CAN ONLY HANG YOU ONCE.


VERSE 1:
Both hands clusty, chillin' wit my man Rusty low down
Blew off the burner kinda dusty
The world can't touch Ghost, purple tape Rae co-host
Monty Hall expo, intellect you red pro
Son triflin fuck, wildflower on the cyclin
Pick up the brew thought I was Michael an'
Mics are writin' pool, now, I'm into Iron Duals
Turn-ons the Earth's whoopee, she out of law school
In hale break beats of hell A-Alikes propel parallel
Duracell night, you flash a burnt cell
Snap out of CandyLand, kids the old rumor is
blacks become immune to shit, we never did like
eati' dead birds chose the pharmacy over herbs
Men marryin men, ill they got the herbs pulsar
Scissor hand wig vanished in the winter
Livin' off land you god damn right I fuck fans king me
Check checkmate props like the micro chip founder
Neck to neck stocks with Bill Gates now

CHORUS:
When we hug these mics we get busy
Come and have a good time with G-O-D
Make you snap your fingers or wiggle
Scream, shout, laugh and just giggle
Shake that body, party that body
Don't fuck with Ghost you'll feel sorry
That's word, I'm not the herb
Understand what I'm sayin' (echo)

VERSE 2:
Hit mics like Ted Koppel, rifle expert
Let off the Eiffel, burn a flag in the grass it's spiteful
Ringleader set it off, rap Derek Jeter
Culprit, prince of the game wish you could see us
We lay low glitter wax full bangles
Priceless rolls, lay around the God get tangled
Woolly hair, eyes firey red, feet made of brass
Twelve men, following me, it be the God staff
Move, every script's like Miramax
Smash the big boy totalled it, will shot fear effects
Son beamin' wifee on the beach, sippin' Zima
Wu 'binos, to latinos, we bust Selena
Over night, God schedules, fed ex
Pretty soloette velvet nice DNA scroll genetics
Too hot, to handle one thought scramblin the mandolin
Hundred game Wilt Chamberlain, smack em, say when
He rollin up, face wrinkled up, hands is on his nuts
Yo kid stop frontin' on the ground before you get touched
It's Canada Dry sess, obsessed with Allah's sun
We want rye, we want it so bad we might cry

-What we do, depends on breath control, so it's the first thing you must
learn. Fortunately it's easy. You'll soon learn.
- My God so they are killers
- Killing and killing, they sort of develop a taste for blood
NOTORIOUS B.I.G. featuring Bone thugs-n-harmony

Bizzy:
Bone and Biggie, Biggie.
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie . . .
Krayzie:
We gonna rock the party [rock the party, party].
Better run and tell everybody [everybody, everybody].
alternating with Layzie:
Ride. Let's ride. Let's ride. Let's ride. Come on and . . .
Bizzy:
Get high, get high, get high . . .
This is a lake of fire, but I can't even hold on.
[Simulated clapping.]
Krayzie:
Notorious thugs.
Layzie:
Nothin' but them thugstas. Nothin' but them thugstas [thugstas].

Notorius B.I.G.:
Armed and dangerous: ain't too many can bang with us. Straight up weed, no
angel dust. Label us notorious thug-ass niggas that love to bust. It's strange
to us, y'all niggas be scramblin', gamblin' up in restaurants with mandolins
and violins. We just sittin' here tryin' to win, try not to sin, high off weed
and lots of gin. So much smoke, need oxygen, steadily countin' them Benjamins.
Nigga, you'd should, too, if you knew what this game would do to you. Been in
this shit since ninety-two. Look at all the bullshit I've been through:
so-called beef with you-know-who, fucked a few female stars or two. Then a blue
light, niggas move like Mike, shit, not to be fucked with. Muthafucka, better
duck quick, 'cause me and my dogs love to buck shit. Fuck the luck, shit,
strictly aim, no aspirations to quit the game. Spit your game, talk your shit,
grab your gat, call your click, squeeze your clip, hit the right one. Pass that
weed, I gotsta light one. All them niggas, I gotsta fight one. All them hoes, I
gotsta like one. Our situation is a tight one. What you wanna do: fight or run?
Seems to me that you'll take B, Bone and B.I.G., nigga, die slowly. I'm a tell
you like a nigga told me, cash rules everything 'round me. Shit, lyrically,
niggas can't see me. Fuck it. Buy the coke, cook the coke, cut it. Know the
bitch, before you caught yourself lovin' it. Nigga, roll the Benz, fuckin' in
it. Doesn't it seem odd to you? B.I.G. come through with mobs and crews.
Goodfellas down for the Mo Thug crew. Who's the killa: me or you?

Puff Daddy:
We forgive you, for you know not what you do.

Bizzy:
Seven A.M. woke in the morning, with Hen and caffiene and green and nicotine.
No dough, so pop a couple of those. Little RIPsta, nigga, Mr. Clean make it
gleam, deep in my temple, and I go get sentimentally steamed with my
instrumelody and heated especially for your team and the forty-five indeed will
beam in between the seams, destroy your dreams. You willing to die? We'll see
how many flee when I 'cause the scene. We mean mug, Mo Thug, trained to be
perfect disciples when it's survival time, die by double-edged sword, triple
six rivals spittin' fire, that's the real truth, bitch, breakin' down for
lives, my Messiah, better get ready for Armageddon, shoots expired, it's wild.
Bless the child, the one that became a man, but them positions' already there,
all that I had to do was stare. Test me now, contend, never no surrender, no
pretend, pick up my gun in my hand, one of my trusty friend, friends. Hey, open
and let 'em see if we're real. We all suited, beg my pardon to Martin, baby, we
ain't marchi
n', we shootin', and daily recrutin'. There's a thug born everyday in the
ghetto. We start 'em off little, we give 'em a bottle and a pen and pad. They
hit the label, kick it.

Krayzie:
Little Kray roll on over to the dark spot, to the dome with a shot of burb, now
me go back to the curb. Me feelin' that urge to splurge, but I'm broke as fuck.
&amp;amp;quot;Sin, gimme that Mossberg swerve.&amp;amp;quot; Off into my pad, 'cause I gotta get my mask
and shells to put in this twelve-gauge sawed-off, get 'em mauled off, nigga,
y'all lost. They get hauled off. Got a nigga callin', though, for the pump, now
Leatherface, Sin runnin', thuggin' and cuttin', Lil' Mo! Hart quick to pull it,
ain't nothin'. Bitch, if you're steppin', we're buckin' them guts. That's
fucked up. Now let me get down for the crime. Got to go purchase a dime, put in
the state, nigga double the crime, smokin' the reefer to ease my mind. Swig
some wine, step on the block with the rocks, but really me servin' 'em dummies,
see. Gotta buck 'em on down, if they come talkin' like, &amp;amp;quot;Give me back me
money.&amp;amp;quot; Thuggin' with me killas, need us a liter of liquor, but niggas ain't
got shit, but a sawed-off pump, chrome .38 pistol, now who ready to get back
? Nigga like me fiendin' for them green leaves, but I ain't had no dough. Gotta
make some money, so I makin' my dummy rocks, if I go broke.

It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie.
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie . . .
Krayzie:
We gonna rock the party [rock the party, party].
Better run and tell everybody [everybody].
alternating with Layzie:
Ride. Let's ride. Let's ride. Let's ride. Come on and . . .
Bizzy:
Get high, get high, get high . . .

Layzie:
[Yeah.] Little Lay, hey, comin' in the form of scripture, fin to get ya and hit
ya with magic, drivin' out late, but I call on my gadgets. With an automatic
status, we spray. Time to load the glocks, but I'm thinkin' not, there's
another evil force tellin' me to do what I gotta do, so I up my pipe, a nigga
dyin' tonight, and I'm always runnin' from the boys in blue, biggy-blue's on my
ass. Now, I whip out the cellular phone to call Bone, &amp;amp;quot;What's happenin'? Grab
artillery. Niggas start packin', 'cause a muthafucka tried to get me in a
jackin', and I did him.&amp;amp;quot; Hit 'em right between the eyes. The spot was wise.
Wanna test a nigga's size, and it cost him. Nigga fuck around with the wrong
shit, y'all get mo mudered all day, all day. We can play that way, and I'm on
the run. I'm a call my boys, and bring all the guns. Y'all niggas wanna have a
little fun with #1, bloody red, redrum, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum, bloody red,
redrum, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum, bloody red, redrum.

Bizzy:
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie.
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie . . .
Krayzie:
We gonna rock the party [rock the party, party].
Better run and tell everybody [everybody].
alternating with Layzie:
Ride. Let's ride. Let's ride. Let's ride. Come on and . . .
Bizzy:
Get high, get high, get high . . .
(feat. Ice Cube)

-In world news today, officials agree that rapper Brad Jordan alias
Scarface must be stopped
-After being monitored by secret service agents for two years
-Evidence leads Tobacco and Fire Arms officials to believe that his
literally dope lyrics promote drug usage and distribution
-Degrade women, influence gambling, promote and teach violence and more
importantly
-Its influencing our minors and destroying our young community
-Officials say, he's the lord of underground rap and his music must be
stopped

Scarface:

We got this whole motherfucker on a mission
Now the whole entire world's gotta try to come up with a quick decision
They claim we threats to society
And now they callin on the government to try and make somebody quiet
For the bullshit they done to me
Gangsta Nip, Spice 1 or 2Pac never gave a gun to me
So gangsta rap ain't done shit for that
I've even seen white folks from River Oaks go get the gat
So why you tryin kick some dust up
America's been always known for blaiming us niggas for they fuck-ups
And we were always considered evil
Now they tryin to bust our only code of communicating with our people
Lets peep the game from a different angle
Matt Dillon pulled his pistol every time him and someone tangled
So why you criticize me
For the shit that you see on your tv
That rates worse than PG
Just bring your ass to where they got me
So you can feel the hand of the dead body

Chorus:(Repeat 2X)

Nigga don't believe that song
That nigga's wrong
Gangstas don't live that long

So now they tryin seperation
And sendin black folks in white coats to infiltrate our congregation
Tappin into our conversation
Saying the message that they give
Bring forth or premeditation
So David's got a silver mag
While listenin to Brad, David gets mad and kills his dad
David Duke's got a shotgun
So why you get upset cause I got one
A tisket a tasket
A nigga got his ass kicked
Shot in the face by a cop, close casket
An open and sgut situation
Cop gets got, the wanna blame it on my occupation
If you don't dig me, than nigga you can sue me
Because the shit that I be sayin ain't worse than no western money
Don't blame me blame your man Gotti
So you can feel the hand of the dead body

Chorus:

Ice Cube:

You best to free your mine
Before I free my nine
And stop fuckin with the void in pop
Or feel my hot rocks
Bang,bang, boom boom, ping ping I'm the black
White boys gat a magazine and don't kow how to act
I'll attack and make you vomit
Down with Kahlid Abdul Muhammad
Do he got a brother, I'm it now
I'm the illest
Wanna kill this house nigga Don Cornelius
Can you feel this?
You punk niggas make me sick
Suckin on the devil's dick
Scared of revolution
Need to start deuchin
Houston is the place
I caught a case
Them motherfuckers tried to put a scar on my face
But i bust two times to the gut
To the Reverend Calvin Butts
Gotta pair of nuts?
I started this gangsta shit in 86
Now you dissin me
For publicity
Isn't he a hoe to the third degree
Who me
I'm a g who like to scrap-a-lot
Down with Rap-A-Lot
And I can't stop, won't stop
So fuck Bill and Hillary
Ice Cube their ain't no killin me
Ice Cube, Scarface
Droppin on these sellin out niggas, doing it like this

Chorus:
So whassup man?
Coolin man
Chillin chillin?
Yo you know I had to call, you know why right?
Why?
Because, yo, I never ever call and ask, you to play somethin right?
Yeah
You know what I wanna hear right?
Whatchu wanna hear?
I wanna hear that Wu-Tang joint
Wu-Tang again?
Ahh yeah, again and again!

*sounds of fighting*

[RZA] Wu-Tang Clan comin at ya, protect ya neck kid, so set it off
de Inspector Deck
[Meth] watch ya step kid (8X)

[Inspector Deck]
I smoke on the mic like smokin Joe Frazier
The hell raiser, raisin hell with the flavor
Terrorize the jam like troops in Pakistan
Swingin through your town like your neighborhood Spiderman
So uhh, tic toc and keep tickin
While I get ya flippin off the shit I'm kickin
The Lone Ranger, code red, danger!
Deep in the dark with the art to rip charts apart
The vandal, too hot to handle
Ya battle, you're sayin Goodbye like Tevin Campbell
Roughneck, Inspector Deck's on the set
The rebel, I make more noise than heavy metal

[Raekwon]
The way I make the crowd go wild, sit back relax won't smile
Rae got it goin on pal, call me the rap assassinator
Rhymes rugged and built like Schwarzenegger
And I'ma get mad deep like a threat, blow up your project
Then take all your assets
Cause I came to shake the frame in half
With the thoughts that bomb, shit like math!
So if ya wanna try to flip go flip on the next man
Cause I grab the clip and
Hit ya with sixteen shots and more I got
Goin to war with the meltin pot hot

[Method]
It's the Method Man for short Mr. Meth
Movin on your left, aah!
And set it off, get it off, let it off like a gat
I wanna break full, cock me back
Small change, they puttin shame in the game
I take aim and blow that nigga out the frame
And like Fame!!, my style'll live forever
Niggaz crossin over, but they don't know no better
But I do, true, can I get a &amp;amp;quot;zoo&amp;amp;quot;
Nuff respect due to the one-six-ooh
I mean ohh, yo check out the flow
like the Hudson or PCP when I'm dustin
Niggaz off because I'm hot like sauce
The smoke from the lyrical blunt makes me *cough*

[U-God]
Ooh, what, grab my nut get screwed
Oww, here comes my Shaolin style
Sloop-B and my b-boy's U
to my crew with the &amp;amp;quot;zoooo&amp;amp;quot;

*interlude*
watch ya step kid (8X)
[Ol Dirty Bastard] c'mon baby baby c'mon (4X)
[RZA] Yo, ya best protect ya neck

[Ol Dirty Bastard]
First things first man you're fuckin with the worst
I'll be stickin pins in your head like a fuckin nurse
I'll attack any nigga who's slack in his mack
Come fully packed with a fat rugged stack
Shame on you when you stepped through to
The Ol Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zoo
And I'll be damned if I let any man
Come to my center, you enter, the winter
Straight up and down that shit packed jam
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on him man
The Ol Dirty Bastard is dirty and stinkin
Ason, Unique rollin with the night of the creeps
Niggaz be rollin with a stash
ain't sayin cash, bite my style I'll bite your motherfuckin ass!

[Ghostface Killah]
For cryin out loud my style is wild so book me
Not long is how long that this rhyme took me
Ejectin, styles from my lethal weapon
My pen that rocks from here to Oregon
Here's Mordigan, catch it like a psycho flashback
I love gats, if rap was a gun, you wouldn't bust back
I come with shit that's all types of shapes and sounds
And where I lounge is my stompin grounds
I give a order to my peeps across the water
To go and snatch up props all around the border
And get far like a shootin star
Cause who I are, is dim in the light of Pablo Escobar
Point blank as I kick the square biz
There it is you're fuckin with pros and there it goes

[RZA]
Yo chill with the feedback black we don't need that
It's ten o'clock hoe, where the fuck's your seed at
Feelin mad hostile, ran the apostle
Flowin like Christ when I speaks the gospel
Stroll with the holy roll then attack the globe with the buckus style
the ruckus, ten times ten men committin mad sin
Turn the other cheek and I'll break your fuckin chin
Slayin boom-bangs like African drums (we'll be)
Comin around the mountain when I come
Crazy flamboyant for the rap enjoyment
My clan increase like black unemployment
Yeah, another one dare, G-Gka-Genius
Take us the fuck outta here

[Genius]
The Wu is too slammin for these Cold Killin labels
Some ain't had hits since I seen Aunt Mabel
Be doin artists in like Cain did Abel
Now they money's gettin stuck to the gum under the table
That's what ya get when ya misuse what I invent
Your empire falls and ya lose every cent
For tryin to blow up a scrub
Now that thought was just as bright as a 20-watt light bulb
Should of pumped it when I rocked it
Niggaz so stingy they got short arms and deep pockets
This goes on in some companies
With majors they're scared to death to pump these
First of all, who's your A&amp;R
A mountain climber who plays an electric guitar
But he don't know the meaning of dope
When he's lookin for a suit and tie rap
that's cleaner than a bar of soap
And I'm the dirtiest thing in sight
Matter of fact bring out the girls and let's have a mud fight

*sounds of fighting*

[RZA] You best protect ya neck (4X)
[Big Boi]
Well its the M I crooked letter comin around the South
Rollin straight hammers and vogues in that old Southern slouch
Please, ain't nothin but incense in my atmosphere
I'm bendin corners in my 'llac boi, cause that's how we be rollin here
Deep, the slang is in effect because it's Georgia
Kicking the khakis and Adidas
packin yo' heaters cause you 'sposed to, cousin
Catfish and grits is how my flow flow
Rollin steady in that caddy but them 50 bottles got to go
See Juice and gin used to be my friend, from the begin
And now i'm just a player sippin sauce, every now and then
To catch a buzz like a bumble bee
Niggaz who tried to fuck with me
Get sprayed like raid cause it ain't nothin see

[Andre]
My heat is in the trunk along with that quad knock
No my heart don't pump no Kool-Aid
Jump and you'll get you sprayed
Hooray yo block the one and only OutKast
Many a nigga fallin fast and
I continue blastin, swiftly
Quickly, they ain't gon' get me, got somethin fo' em
The devil up in yo grill and you still don't even know' em
Show'em, who's the ok
Like collard greens and whole eggs
I got soul, thats somethin that you ain't got
That's why yo style is ro-ten,
Stop in the land of ATL
Where nothin but pimps, fully equiped
Quick to make a sale, swell
Swollen got my pockets, business boomin like rockets
Folks try to stop it but they know that it's that...

(Chorus)
Its that sSutherplayalisticcaddilac funky music
Now players if you choose it
You better make sure you don't abuse it
We gonna get cha hiiiighh, hiiiighhh

[Andre]
Time to drop these bows, like Dusty Rhodes
Then I yell ho
We knockin em off they feet like a Southern hustler supposed to do
I's in the house, house like, a joint is lit fo my kin folks
And all the niggaz that was down, since we been broke
Takin em deeper than a submarine
So scream when you hear the team of two
My crew be thick as two fat hoes sittin off in a Brougham
I'm packin my tag backwards if you want to be actin wrong
Word is bond like super glue
Its funky like poopa scoop
And every word I say you can true

[Big Boi]
Well okey dokey KastOut
I swear to God I got the highest boomin cadillac
The expialalistic coupe de ville
Can you handle that you rat
I take my time cruisin round the city malls
And under my seat for you suckers its your final curtain call
The one two to the guage p-u-m-p
You want to do a jack, I heat the barrel til it's empty, get me
See i get friendly gettin in where i fit
Organized is on the track with the southernplayalistic shit
So copy my slang and bite my shit
But don't try gafflin me
Cause sleepin you'll get served with some Southern hospitality

(Chorus)

[Big Boi]
Well Southernplayalisticadillac music has been laid
I may wait for all the ... be rolling like that today hoes
So back up off get up on it if you want it cha'll
Looking for hoes and snitches was my thing on player's ball yup
So now I step, rather walk with the pimp
While my niggas are at East Pointe
with that College Park hemp smoke style
Is how I wanna end it on this track
so I pass it to my partner and step back up in my Cadillac

[Andre]
Step up in my shoes you crews sitting on Trues
And Vogues for the hoes only when we rollin through
Atlanta skies be blue
The sun is beamin it seemin
That i glisten, rather gleaming
20/20 got me leaning to the side
Full of pride, now ain't that somethin
I'm dippin into your hood
This ain't braile, but i'm bumpin
Thumpin out the roaches
Dungeon if ya'll missed it
Big Gimp, Goodie MOb, PA, Outkast
Southernplaylistic

(Chorus 3X)
Slow down (repeat 3X)

Verse one: Derrick X (Sadat X)

Hey baby your hips is getting big
Now you're getting thin you don't care about your wig
Now Woolie Willie got a pair of my sneakers
I wonder where he got 'em cause I hid 'em behind my speakers
The object of your affection is the tree-top connection
Or basically you love to smoke the wools
The crackheads attract man they come up to my door
I don't smoke gems so what they knocking for
Kids love to feel on you, feds got a seal on you
Street time is limited to days
On your crack card you're getting only A's and C's for come back
Damn it's a shame you're the mighty queen of vowels
With a wide-eyed look and a rotten-toothed smile
Used to walk with a swagger
Now you simply stagger
From one spot on to the next spot on to the next spot on to the next
Bitch get a job
From me you won't rob
Cause I'll smack you with a hose filled with sand
Now give that to the crack man
You was fly once now you're losing all your fronts
Started out light on the tip of woolie blunts
Now you gained a stripe, graduated to the pipe
Took a long pull...hype
Yeah, head crack head crack
You smoked up that stack and admitted you was fat
(Hey yo X, wasn't that your girl?)
Yeah I had to drop her
Cause she caught on the plastic and I just couldn't stop her

Slow down x5
What I am is what I am x2

Verse Two: Lord Jamar

I knew this girl named Tropicana
She's always juicing
Producing cash for my sexual task
She loves men that trick like Halloween and treat
You ain't paid then your grade is incomplete
You've got to flash dollars, to prove her
And when you do she sucks it up like a Hoover
Taking all your papes like inhalation of ace
Her nasal passages is filled with money, and it's massive
(What I am is what I am)
Well, what you are is a stunt, man
You're on a hunt and your plan is to take all you can
From my man and scram
I've seen your kind before you're not original
Just a sick mixed up individual
Giving up the crotch for a fresh gold watch
Marking off the goods you got going up another notch
Your ways and actions are like those of a savage
If the price is right, then anyone can ravage
Even Monty Hall can have himself a ball if his assets are in order
What's really scary is you're somebody's daughter
So don't come around trying to make a profit
At the expense of another man, stop it
Cause you see you're a freak show of the town
Know what I think you ought to do is

Slow down x7
What I am is what I am x2

Verse Three: Grand Puba

As the jewels jingle from the hot young and single little stunt
A forty and a blunt, that's all she really wants
But she'll spend your papes and she'll use up all your plastic
And if you swing an ep you'd better wear a prophylactic
Cause things are getting drastic
Slide up in the wrong one you'll end up in a casket
(Slow down)
Sister, there's no need in speeding
She was doing lays before she started bleeding
What makes a bitch want to act in this fashion?
Pulled more stunts than my man Action Jackson
A real gold winner just like Bruce Jenner
Lay the bitch on the bed and then you run right in her
Puba makes no mistakes
She said &amp;amp;quot;Rock me tonight (for old time's sake)&amp;amp;quot;
Picture that
(Slow Down)
You little hooker
Honey got a problem with the bends
Meaning she likes to bend over, and then she spreads the skins
The hoe is just hoe and that's without no controversy
She can make the bedsprings sing a song of mercy
Come on toots you can take a thousand douche
Scrub that ass and I'll still pass
(Slow down)
You're living foul
(Slow down x2)
Now see it ain't no reason for you to be out here skeezin'
Cause it ain't the season
So if you want to live foul and be a dumb diddy dumb dumb bitch
Well go ahead
You're living foul

I'd like to give a special shout to my DJ Alamo on the help out
Right by my side

Slow down (repeat 12X)
Verse One:

Here's a tune about this honey named Renee
That I met one day
On my way back from John Jay
I'm peepin' shorty as she's walking to the train
I tap her on her shoulders
Excuse me Miss, but can I get your name
She said my name is Renee
I said I got a whole lot to say
So may I walk you to your subway
She said if you want
So yo, we started talking
I brought two franks and two drinks
And we began walking
I had to see where that head was at
Because the gear was mad phat
So we must chat about this and that
She told me what she was in school for
She wants to be a lawyer
In other words shorty studies law
I'm telling shorty I'm a writer
And as she's looking for the token
She drops a pack of the EZ-widers
Covers her mouth with her name ring
I said, yo don't sweat the technique shorty rocks
I do the same thing
But yet I use Philly Blunts
She said I never dealt with Philly Blunts
Because I heard that's for silly stunts
I said, nah they burn slower
Right now I really don't know ya
But maybe later on I can get to show ya

Chorus:

A ghetto love is the law that we live by
Day by day I wonder why my shorty had to die
I reminice over my ghetto princess everyday
Give it up for my shorty, shorty(x2)

Verse Two:

So now we sittin' on the train
Besides the fingernails
Now shorty got the hairdo of pain
Now I understand she got flava
A tough leather jacket,with some jeans and a chain that her moms gave her
Got off the train about 6:34
She wasn't sure she had grub for the dog so we hit the store
Went to the crib
And turned the lights on
A mad magazine stand
From Essence to Right On
A leather couch
Stero system with crazy cd's
Understand cause she got G'z
She said cheeks do what you want
She said I'm gonna feed the dog
I said alright well I'm gonna roll this blunt
She came back with stretch pants and a ponytail, a t-shirt
A yo, Fam I got a tender-roni girl
We're sitting on the couch chattin
We're smoking blunts off the balcony
We're stearing at Manhattan now
She started feeling on my chest
I started feeling on the breasts
And there's no need for me to stress the rest
A yo, I got myself a winner
We sparked a blunt before we ate
And a blunt after we ate dinner
She had a tattoo she only wanted Bo to see
But first dim the lights and turn up the Jodeci
I'm like whatever shorty rock
We can swing it like that
Cause on the real this is where it's at.

Chorus (2X)

Verse Three:

I woke up the next day on the waterbed
A letter's on the pillow eh
And this what the letter said
It said cheeks, I'll be home around two
You was deep in your sleep
So I didn't want to bother you
I left my number for shorty to call me later
Got dressed
Smoked a blunt
And then I bounced towards the elevator
I got a beep around three
I'm asking shorty what's up with you
She's asking what's up with me
And now we been together for weeks
Candlelight dinner with my shorty
Crack a 40 with my naughty freaks
Hey man, I never been in love
But everytime I'm burstin' in and outta state
It's shorty that I'm thinking of
I'm hanging out with my crew
I get a beep from Renee
Because Renee uses code too
But yet I'm chattin' with her mom dukes
She said Renee has been shot
So cheeks, meet me up at St. Lukes
I jumps on the Van Wyck
I gotta make it there quick
A yo , this shit is gettin' mad thick
Not even thinking about the po nine
I'm doing a buck, who gives a fuck
I'm smokin' boom and the whole nine
I gotta see what's going on
But by the time I reach the hospital
They tell me Mr. Cheeks
Renee is gone
I'm pouring beer out for my shorty who ain't here
I'm from the ghetto
So listen
This is how I shed my tears

Chorus (2X)
Brenda's got a Baby
Brenda's got a Baby

I hear Brenda's got a baby
But, Brenda's barely got a brain
A damn shame
The girl can hardly spell her name
(That's not our problem, that's up ta Brenda's family)
Well let me show ya how it affects tha whole community
Now Brenda never really knew her moms
and her dad was a junky
Went in debt to his arms, it's sad
Cause I bet Brenda doesn't even know
Just cause your in tha ghetto doesn't mean ya can't grow
But oh, that's a thought, my own revelation
Do whatever it takes ta resist tha temptation
Brenda got herself a boyfriend
Her boyfriend was her cousin, now lets watch tha joy end
She tried to hide her pregnancy, from her family
Who didn't really care to see, or give a damn if she
Went out and had a church of kids
As long as when tha check came they got first dibs
Now Brendas belly's gettin bigger
But no one seems ta notice any change in her figure
She's 12 years old and she's having a baby
In love with tha molester, whos sexin her crazy
And yet through all she thinks that he'll be with her forever
And dreams of a world with tha two of them are together,
whatever
He left her and she had tha baby solo, she had it on tha
bathroom floor
And didn't know so, she didn't know, what ta throw away and
what ta keep
She wrapped tha baby up and threw him in tha trash heep
I guess she thought she'd get away
Wouldn't hear tha cries
She didn't realize
How much tha little baby had her eyes
Now tha babys in tha trash heep balling
Momma can't help her, but it hurts ta hear her calling
Brenda wants ta run away
Momma say, you makin' me lose pay, and social workers here
everyday
Now Brenda's gotta make her own way
Can't go to her family, they won't let her stay
No money no babysitter, she couldn't keep a job
She tried ta sell crack, but end up getting robbed
So now what's next, there ain't nothin left ta sell
So she sees sex as a way of leavin hell
It's payin tha rent, so she really can't complain
Prostitute, found slain, and Brenda's her name, she's got a
baby

Baaaaaaaaby

don't you know she's got a (dont you know)
don't you know she's got a (dont you know)
don't you know she's got a baby(baaaby)she says a baby
don't you know she's got a (dont you know)
don't you know she's got a (yesss she)
don't you know she's got a baby( i have faith shes havin a baby)
don't you know she's got a (i know i know)
don't you know she's got a (iii knooow)
don't you know she's got a
I can't light no more of your darkness
All my pictures seem to fade to black and white
I'm growing tired and time stands still before me
Frozen here on the ladder of my life

It's too late to save myself from falling
I took a chance and changed your little life
But you misread my meaning when I met you
Closed the door and left me blinded by the light

Don't let the sun go down on me
Although I search myself it's someone else I see
I'd just allow a fragment of your life to wander free
But losing everything is like the sun going down on me

I can't find all the right romantic lines
But see me once and see the way I feel
And don't discard me just because you think I mean you harm
But these cuts I have they need love to help them heal

(repeat chorus twice)
[Intro]

(I have a request tonite...when you here this..that is the introduction)

scratching....(do you love pianos?)



[Tekniq]

This is how I represent I rock the mic 110 percent

It's intimate, I keeps the party moving like a imigrant

Binary Star, superstar its no coincidence

Every verse is intricate, this ain't a circus in a tent

We don't get down like them clowns and the kids

I'm use to being indegent, who said its all about the Benjamin's?

I wanna fortune, I wanna make music and hit the lottery

Fortunately my music is never watery

That's how its gotta be, as far as I can see

Maybe you should grab a telescope to see my veiw its like astronomy

It aint all about economy

so the fact that these wack emcees is making G's don't bother me

Honestly, my number one policy is quality

never sell my soul is my philosophy

High velocity, lyrics like Nastradamus make a prophecy

I told you cats a long time a go it ain't no stoppin' me

I bomb your set that's not a threat its a promise

Got everybody ridin' on my wagon like the Amish

But still I never claim to be a big rap star

So no matter who you are its still Allah who act God

Better believe this, most rappers can't achieve this

I'm bad to the bone but x-rays can't even see this

See I'm strategic I letcha money talk bullshit walk

While I keep it rollin' like parapalegics

Whoever's on the microphone let it be known

You in danger, I got next(necks) like the Boston Strangler

You ain't never heard an emcee speak like this

And Rodney King ain't never felt a beat like this



Voice: (That is the Main theme)... scratching.. ( I wanna know something else)



[Senim Silla]

Get a grip on yourself cuz you ain't grippin mines

Life and times, outta lies rap guys outta line careers I finalize

collide with this seranade cyanide you apply for Silla's high

The thing that makes killa's high

Hang 'em high by the gold link necktie

And drain 'em dry into tempest eye now you ain't God

so you ain't that high wanna be aeronautic

And get swatted for actin' fly

Masterminds crafty rhymes, I'll rip from drafty lines

that chill spines like the Alpines, runnin up on some natural binds

A close encounter of the worst kind

Go ask the cats that heard I'm lyrical turpentine

Who wanna taste mine I gotta carry hill on the wasteline

God give the bassline so let the phlegm fly

I survive seven-five through the M-ine, when I forcefully Jedi

On the wooze I red-eye, heads fly bet I, sharpshoot dead-eye

Snooze crews bed bye, Mary lou flippin' I pistol pump grippin

I stompin, I semper-fi represent, temper high, signify

Walkin round ain't nothin similar

Like a Gemini, in this perimeter sublimin-ie

Cats be cut dry more why I wet guys

I be rainin precipitation 'til it's one inch your neck high

Less fly kids misguide, without an alibi

Who said you rap tight? You come unraveled by

Slice of this rap scalpel, guys quick as apple pie

I'm learned in old schools of thought and shit you baffled by

Conceptual intellectual fireslide

Silla oxide rhymes flow like a rockslide

you musta forgot I, have your ass knockneed and cockeyed

Bruised, battered, broken up, walkin, cut dipped in peroxide

Death to the Pop Fly



( I usualy don't do request numbers)... scratching..

( unless of course I have been asked to do so)...
[Dr.Dre]
Right about now, NWA court is in full effect.
Judge Dre presiding in the case of NWA versus the police department.
Prosecuting attorneys are MC Ren, Ice Cube, and Eazy mother fucking E.
Order, order, order. Ice Cube, take the mother fucking stand.
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth
and nothing but the truth so help your black ass?
[Ice Cube]
You're goddamn right!
[Dr.Dre]
Why don't you tell everybody what the fuck you gotta say?

[Ice Cube]
Fuck the police
Comin straight from the underground
Young nigga got it bad cause I'm brown
And not the other color so police think
They have the authority to kill a minority
Fuck that shit, cause I ain't the one
For a punk mother fucker with a badge and a gun
To be beatin on, and throw in jail
We could go toe to toe in the middle of a cell
Fuckin with me cause I'm a teenager
With a little bit of gold and a pager
Searching my car, looking for the product
Thinking every nigga is selling narcotics
You'd rather see me in the pen
Then me and Lorenzo rolling in the Benzo
Beat the police outta shape
And when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape
To tape off the scene of the slaughter
Still can't swallow bread and water
I don't know if they fags or what
Search a nigga down and grabbing his nuts
And on the other hand, without a gun they can't get none
But don't let it be a black and a white one
Cause they slam ya down to the street top
Black police showing out for the white cop
Ice Cube will swarm
On any mother fucker in a blue uniform
Just cause I'm from the CPT, punk police are afraid of me
A young nigga on a war path
And when I'm finished, it's gonna be a bloodbath
Of cops, dying in LA
Yo Dre, I got something to say

[Eazy-E]
Fuck the police (4X)

[Dr.Dre]
Example of scene one:
Pull your goddamn ass over right now
[MC Ren]
Ah shit, what the fuck you pulling me over for?
[Dr.Dre]
Cause I feel like it, Just sit your ass on the curb and shut the fuck up
[MC Ren]
Man, fuck this shit
[Dr.Dre]
Alright smartass, I'm taking your black ass to jail
M. C. Ren, will you please give your testimony to the jury about this fucked up
incident.




[MC Ren]
Fuck the police and Ren said it with authority
because the niggaz on the street is a majority.
A gang, is with whoever I'm stepping
and the mother fucking weapon
is kept in a stash box, for the so-called law
wishing Ren was a nigga that they never saw
Lights start flashing behind me
But they're scared of a nigga so they mace me to blind me
But that shit don't work, I just laugh
Because it gives em a hint not to step in my path
To the police I'm saying fuck you punk
Reading my rights and shit, it's all junk
Pulling out a silly club, so you stand
With a fake assed badge and a gun in your hand
But take off the gun so you can see what's up
And we'll go at it punk, I'ma fuck you up
Make ya think I'm a kick your ass
But drop your gat, and Ren's gonna blast
I'm sneaky as fuck when it comes to crime
But I'm a smoke em now, and not next time
Smoke any mother fucker that sweats me
Or any ass hole that threatens me
I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope
Takin out a cop or two, they can't cope with me
The mother fucking villain that's mad
With potential to get bad as fuck
So I'm a turn it around
Put in my clip, yo, and this is the sound [Bang, Bang]
Ya, something like that, but it all depends on the size of the gat
Taking out a police would make my day
But a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck to say

[Eazy-E]
Fuck the police (4X)

[Eazy-E]
Yo, man, what you need?
[Dr.Dre]
Police, open now. We have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest
Get down and put your hands up where I can see em
Just shut the fuck up and get your muthafuckin ass on the floor [Huh]
Yo Eazy-E, why don't you step up to the stand
and tell the jury how you feel about this bullshit

[Eazy-E]
I'm tired of the mother fucking jacking
Sweating my gang while I'm chilling in the shacking
Shining the light in my face, and for what
Maybe it's because I kick so much butt
I kick ass, or maybe cause I blast
On a stupid assed nigga when I'm playing with the trigger
Of any Uzi or an AK Cause the police always got something stupid to say
They put up my picture with silence
Cause my identity by itself causes violence
The E with the criminal behavior
Yeah, I'm a gangsta, but still I got flavor
Without a gun and a badge, what do ya got?
A sucker in a uniform waiting to get shot,
By me, or another nigga.
and with a gat it don't matter if he's smarter or bigger
[MC Ren: Size don't mean shit, he's from the old school, fool]
And as you all know, E's here to rule
Whenever I'm rolling, keep looking in the mirror
And there's no cue, yo, so I can hear a
Dumb mother fucker with a gun
And if I'm rolling off the 8, he'll be the one
That I take out, and then get away
And while I'm driving off laughing
This is what I'll say

[Eazy-E]
Fuck the police (4X)

[Dr.Dre]
The verdict
The jury has found you guilty of being a redneck,
white bread, chicken shit mother fucker
Wait, that's a lie. That's a goddamn lie
I want justice! I want justice!
Fuck you, you black mother fucker

[Eazy-E]
Fuck the police (3X)
Yo, this is how I'm comin' for the nine deuce
Another fat, fat track
So Rhythm D, pour the orange juice
And let's relax while sippin' on 'gnac
Because it's like that
I'm cautious of ho's,
so Paperboy wears prophylactic
I wear a jimmy for the skins
Cuz it's a long trip
Front row seats,
aiyo I know she's on the nine inch
Just to get a peice of the green
But she's an undertaker
Now know why the Paper
is an around the world heart-breaker
Me be singin' first,
but yo, had to have a breakdown
Playin' you fools, so now you know
why my belly's round
Takin' the rap back up
and scoopin' up crowds
just like a steel shovel
Not from the ghetto,
but yo, takin' me to another level
Let the beat ride,
but hold on to your women, G
Cuz now that I'm rich
so many women wanna do me
It make a man say "damn"
I'm finally taxin'
more than your homey Sam
But let me speak for the weak,
I mean the rookies
My time is held up,
extremely for cookies
Just let me clock
this groove in ninety two
Hey, you don't bother me
and I sure 'nuff won't bother you
And ah, you just watch
a brother flowin' like Niagra
Think before you step,
because these niggas
just might stag ya
Although I'm labeled with the black fade
It's gold d's on my four and gold lex,
cuz I got it made
I broke the veto once again
because I had to
And just like Jody Watley,
baby girl, I can have you
Just let me work this track,
and yo, any way is ok
Your place or mine,
all night until the next day
Uh

Chorus:
Do the ditty if you want to
Because then I can see
if I want you
Just do the ditty-ditty
if you want to
Because then I can see
if I want you

Now here we go from the top
Second verse of the same song
With the conclusion,
all should be happy for the ding-dong
It's just a mad park a grip, G
It's like, every brother that i
see be like, "Do you remember me?"
A hustler, and it's on
with more hoes to lego
Keep 'em chunky like Prego,
so they can play with my eggo
I have a tendancy to flow,
start off with my own groove and
Pick up the mic, and all of a sudden,
I see high movin'
Guess it's like magic,
and Paperboy is the magician
If I was a vacuum
I'd be suckin' up competition
Let it ride again, and yo,
believe I got my own thing
Straight Bahama hoes so miss me
with the chick from Soul Train
And I'm a break my note,
just to show up token
Tote on his ass
when I scoop him,
cuz we bud smokin'
A black man tryin' to make it
and that ain't no fair
But just like BeBe and CeCe,
I'll take you there
Huh

(Chorus)

Now here we go
Uh, let's take a trip to another land
Park a grip, come back
and watch the hoes tan
Jump in the lex-o,
and roll out to my cabin
Believe me, my brother,
more hoes than you can imagine
All on the ding-a-ling,
just because the gold rings
But I'm like a so but yo,
you ain't heard a damn thing
Make sure you got the jim hats,
strapped for protection
Because to me,
my life is more than my erection
And give me a hand,
if you a fan, it ain't over yet
Cuz doin' the ditty with Paperboy
makes the ocean sweat
Leave you kinda startled
like the funk off of fritos
Make you man jealous,
while hoes cheese like Doritos
It ain't my fault,
I lay the piper with concern
And I ain't from Mount Vernon,
but a brother's money-earnin'
And for those disagree,
and then jack, that's a pitty
Just bob your head
for Paperboy and the ditty
Yeah

(Chorus)
Ich denke zurck an das Jahr,
als ich eben siebzehn war,
kam ein Zirkus in unsere Stadt
und abends im Zelt sah ich sie,
die mein Herz bis heut nie
vergessen hat, vergessen hat.

Das Mdchen Carina,
war schn wie ein Stern am Himmelszelt.
Das Mdchen Carina,
war meine erste Groe Liebe,
die ich fand auf dieser Welt.
war meine erste Groe Liebe,
die ich fand auf dieser Welt.

Mein Herz blieb vor Glck beinahe steh'n,
so hoch auf dem Seil sie zu seh'n.
Sie warf eine Rose mir zu
Und sprach: Ich vergess Dich nie mehr.
Und der Abschied war schwer.
Ich fand keine Ruh, ich fand keine Ruh.

Das Mdchen Carina,
war schn wie ein Stern am Himmelszelt.
Das Mdchen Carina,
war meine erste Groe Liebe,
die ich fand auf dieser Welt.
war meine erste Groe Liebe,
die ich fand auf dieser Welt.
Intro/Chorus: *sung*

summer, summer, summertime
time to sit back and unwind

Verse One: Fresh Prince

Here it is the groove slightly transformed
just a bit of a break from the norm
just a little somethin' to break the monotony
of all that hardcore dance that has gotten to be
a little bit out of control it's cool to dance
but what about the groove that soothes that moves romance
give me a soft subtle mix
and if ain't broke then don't try to fix it
and think of the summers of the past
adjust the base and let the alpine blast
pop in my CD and let me run a rhyme
and put your car on cruise and lay back cause this is summertime

Chorus

Verse Two: Fresh Prince

school is out and it's a sort of a buzz
but back then I didn't really know what it was
but now I see what have of this
the way that people respond to summer madness
the weather is hot and girls are dressing less
and checking out the fellas to tell 'em who's best
ridin around in your jeep or your benzos
or in your nissan stting on lorenzos
back in Philly we be ou in the park
a place called the plateau is where everybody go
guys out hunting and girls doing likewise
honking at the honey in front of you with the light eyes
she turn around to see what you beeping at
it's like the summers a natural afrodesiac
and with a pen and pad I compose this rhyme
to hit you and get you equipped for the summer time

Chorus

Verse Three: Fresh Prince

it's late in the day and I ain't been on the court yet
hustle to the mall to get me a short set
yeah I got on sneaks but I need a new pair
cause basketball courts in the summer got girls there
the temperature's about 88
hop in the water plug just for old times sake
break to ya crib change your clothes once more
cause you're invited to a barbeque that's starting at 4
sitting with your friends cause y'all remincise
about the days growing up and the first person you kissed
and as I think back makes me wonder how
the smell from a grill could spark up nostalgia
all the kids playing out front
little boys messin round with the girls playing double-dutch
while the DJ's spinning a tune as the old folks dance at your family reunion
then six o'clock rolls around
you just finished wiping your car down
it's time to cruise so you go to the summertime hangout
it looks like a car show
everybody come lookin real fine
fresh from the barber shop or fly from the beauty salon
every moment frontin and maxin
chillin in the car they spent all day waxin
leanin to the side but you can't speed through
two miles an hour so everybody sees you
there's an air of love and of happiness
and this is the Fresh Prince's new defintion of summer madness

Chorus
A letter came today from my draft board
With trembling hands I read the questionare
It asked me lots of things about my mamma and poppa
Now that ain't what I call exactly fair

So I'm headed for the nearest foreign border
Vancouver may be my kind of town
Cause they don't need the kind of law and order
That tends to keep a good man underground

A sad old soldier once told me a story
About a battlefield that he was on
He said a man should never fight for glory
He must know what is right and what is wrong

So I'm headed for the nearest foreign border
Vancouver may be my kind of town
Cause they don't need the kind of law and order
That tends to keep a good man underground

Now I don't know how much I owe my uncle
But I suspect it's more than I can pay
He's asking me to sign a three year contract
I guess I'll catch the first bus out today

So I'm headed for the nearest foreign border
Vancouver may be my kind of town
Cause they don't need the kind of law and order
That tends to keep a good man underground
Intro:
(Yeah, Love is Love.
God is Love.) 3X

Chorus:
How beautiful Love can be
On the streets love is hard to see
Its a place I got to be
Loving You is Loving Me.

How beautiful Love can be
On the streets love is hard to see
Gotta reach that frequency
Loving You is Loving Me.

1st Verse:
Yeah, you know what love is
Even found it on the ground where the thugs live
My man had to dig deep to find his
Couldnt sleep cause on the real he had 5 kids
Live nigs, real niggas express and chase it
In crap games, black dames and big faces
Cases in court, Fam showing loving support
You and your babys mom thought that Love was a sport
As men we were taught to hold it in
Thats why we dont know how til we older men
If Love is a place, Ima go again
At least now, now I know to go within
At times it can take ya for a spin
Heartbreak hotel then youre home again
I seen Love make a nigga soul pretend
like a story that he dont want to end

Chorus:

2nd Verse:
Its all Love where we come from
In the hood Loved we was told to run from
That same hood where the gun sung
We holla Love hoping it become one
Crack got so many lives undone
From lack of Love many hide, some run
I knew this girl with a son who dreamt of acting in plays
Demonstration with a man had her trapped in a maze
Tryin to find herself to regain much of that she had gave
Love can free us to which some react as a slave
Funny, we love em more when they relaxed in a grave
Wonder if a thug is raw, or is he acting afraid?
Everybody loves somebody but I attract shade
Heard of the love of money, but compassionate pays
Talk about it with my youth so she understand
What it is to be loved by a man. (Unnh!)

Chorus:

3rd Verse:
Some say that Im a dreamer cause I talk about it often
Seen the hardest niccas soften with his homie in a coffin
We walk in, stand and fall in it
With the right companion, we all in it
Mary sang a song about it
Having broad limits in the game of life
Its the scrimmage
Reminiscing on letters I wrote in my small days
A letter to the people.. Love always!!"

Chorus:

Outtro 4X
Love is Love
Love your Mother.
Love your Sister
God is Love
Love your Father
Love your Brother
God is Love.
Love is Love.
feat. Guru
(Babu mixing)
"Worst come to worst my peoples come first"
"Worst...come.....to worst"
"Worst come to worst my peoples come first"
"Worst come...to...worst"
"Worst come to worst my peoples come first"

(Evidence talking)
Yeah
It's goin down y'all
That's Babu

(Evidence)
Yo, some people got good friends, at night I live my life right
With tints, on the edge
On the wild, I'm from the group where friction leads to fire
Stack your bricks, the time is take your pick
Do or don't, the track - Alchemist
My life is good, I got my peeps in the mix, so...

"Worst come to worst my people come first"

(Iriscience)
I got worldwide family all over the earth
And I worry 'bout 'em all for whatever it's worth
From the birth to the hearse, the streets, the guns burst
Words I disperse are here to free minds
And if mine are needy I need to feed mine

"When worst come to worst..."

(Evidence)
Set up shop and right a verse
Actually (what?), that's best come to best
My lyrics take care of me, they therapy
Get shit off my chest
Extra stress, three-four over the score
Different patterns of rhymin prepare me for war
So next time you see us we'll be deadly on tour

(Babu mixing)
"Oh, when you need me"
"Worst come to worst my peoples come first"

(Guru talking)
Word up, if worst comes to worst, I make whole crews disperse

You know it's family first
Gifted Unlimited with Dilated Peoples
Babu, Evidence, Iriscience
And a shout out to my man Alchemist on the trizzack

"Oh, when you need me"
"Worst come to worst my peoples come first"

(Iriscience)
I'm a glutton for the truth, even though truth hurts
I've studied with my peoples on streets and in church
We make it hard when we go on first
Long rode, honor of the samari code
These California streets ain't paved with gold
Worst comes to worst

"Worst come to worst my people come first"

(Evidence)
Uh, I got them back, at the end of the day
We could go our seperate ways but the songs remains, it won't change
Got my target locked at range
I might switch gears but first I switch lanes
Without my people I got nothin to gain
That's why...

"Worst come to worst my people come first"

(Iriscience)
Special victims unit, catalyst for movement
Creates to devastate, since '84 show improvement
Definitely Dilated Peoples comes first
Cross-trainin spar, we raise the bar
And we put it in your ear no matter who you are

(Babu mixing)
"Oh, when you need me"
"Worst come to worst my peoples come first"
"Worst....come...worst my peoples come first"
"Worst...worst....worst....come to worst my peoples come first"
"...my..my...my peoples come first
"Oh, when you need me"
(feat. Ghostface Killah, Method Man &amp; Cappadonna)

Intro: Method Man (Johnny Blaze)

Hey mom, can I have some money?
The ice cream man is coming!

Chorus:

Watch these rap niggaz get all up in your guts
French-vanilla, butter-pecan, chocolate-deluxe
Even caramel sundaes is gettin touched
And scooped in my ice cream truck, Wu tears it up
(The ice cream man is coming!)

Verse One: Ghostface Killer (Tony Starks)

Yo honey-dips, summertime, fine Jheri drippin
See you on Pickens with a bunch of chickens how you're clickin
I catch shootin strong notes as we got close
She rocked rope, honey throat smellin like Impulse
Your whole shell baby's wicked like Nimrod
Caught me like a fresh-water scrod, or may I not be God
Attitude is very rude Boo, crabby like seafood
It turns me on like Vassey and Lahrule
They call me Starky Love-hun, check the strategy
By any means, Shirley Temple cross was done by Billie Jean's
Black Misses America, your name is Erica, right true
Lazy eyeball, small piece, six shoe
Caramel complexion, breath smellin like cinnamon
Excuse me hon, the Don mean no harm, turn around again
God damn, backyard's bangin like a Benz-y
If I was jiggy, you'd be spotted like Spuds McKenzie
I'm high powered put Adina Howard to sleep
Yo pardon, that bitch been on my mind all week, but uhh
Back to you Maybelline Queen let's make a team
You can have anything in this world except CREAM
So whatchu wanna do? Whatchu wanna do?
Let's go ahead and walk these dogs and represent Wu

Chorus

Verse Two: Raekwon the Chef (Lou Diamonds)

Shaolin's finest, whattup Boo, peace your highness
Yo I'm loungin, big dick style, y'all niggaz is the flyest
Moves you're making too fly jewels are shaking
not a rape patient, you're looking good fly colored Asian
Ghettoes, them is your hometown, we can go the whole round
After that, I'm shootin downtown
I'm rockin hats and you wig is all intact
Who's that queen bee chick, eyes curly black
Freaks be movin in fly sneaks
Two finger rings and gold teeth, and ain't afraid to hold heat
So when I step in the square dear
You better have CREAM to share, Ricans, ven aqui yeah

Chorus

Verse Three: Cappachino

Black chocolate girl wonder, shade brown like Thunder
Politic til your deficit step, gimme your number
Your sexy persuasive ta-ta's and thighs
Catch my eyes like highs I want your bodily surprise
Double dime some time, Ice Cream you got me fallin out
like a cripple, I love you like I love my dick size
ooh baby I miss you, your sweet tender touches
take pulls off the dutches, orgasm in my mindstate
masterbate in your clutches, I want you for self
like wealth, so play me closely
Bitches paranoia for the sting, who want the most of me
Only a hard dozen want to be callin me cousin
Thirsty for my catalog, baby shoppin spree you're lovin
Call me if you want to get dug like the pockets
I jizm like a giant break brooms out of their sockets

Outro: Method Man

Wu-Tang in the cut, for real niggaz what?
It's the after party and bitches want to fuck

Chorus

Ice cold bitches melt down when my clutch
and what they titties sucked, ice cream

Yeah, your guts

Chorus: 3/4ths

Ice cold bitches melt down when in the clutch
They want they titties sucked, ice cream

One love to my chocolate deluxes, keep your nails done
and your wigs tight, word up
One love to my butter-pecan Ricans for calling me papi
That's for real
One love to caramel sundaes, with the cherries on top
Yeah
And big up to my french vanillas
Parlez vous, francais, mi amor, merci, oui oui, bon bons
and all that good stuff
That good stuff
Aw yeah, I get around
Still clown with the Underground, when we come around
Stronger than ever

[Tupac]
Back to get wreck
All respect to those who break their neck to keep their hoes in check
Cause oh they sweat a brother majorly
And I don't know why, your girl keeps paging me
She tell me that she needs me, cries when she leaves me
And every time she sees me, she squeeze me, lady take it easy!
Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me, I don't want it if it's that easy
Ayo bust it, baby got a problem saying bye bye
Just another hazard of a fly guy
You ask why, don't matter, my pockets got fatter
Now everybody's looking for the latter
And ain't no need in being greedy
If you wanna see me dial the beeper number baby when you need me
And I'll be there in a jiffy
Don't be picky, just be happy with this quickie
But when you learn, you can't tie me down
Baby doll, check it out, I get around

What you mean you don't know? I get around
The Underground just don't stop for hoes, I get around
Still down with the Underground, I get around
Yeah, ayo Shock, let them hoes know

[Shock G]
Now you can tell from my everday fits, I ain't rich
So cease and desist with them tricks (tricks)
I'm just another black man caught up in the mix (mix)
Trying to make a dollar out of fifteen cents (A dime and a nickel)
Just cause I'm a freak don't mean that we could hit the sheets
Baby I can see, that you don't recognize me
I'm Shock G, the one who put the satin on your panties
Never knew a hooker that could share me, I get around

[Money B]
What's up love, how you doing? (All right)
Well I've been hanging sanging, trying to do my thang
Oh, you heard that I was banging
Your home girl you went to school with, that's cool
But did she tell you about her sister and your cousin? Thought I wasn't
See, weekends were made for Michelob
But it's a Monday, my day, so just let me hit it, yo
And don't mistake my statement for a clown
We can keep in the down low long as you know, that I get around

[Tupac]
Tupac and them down don't stop for hoes, I get around
Why I ain't call you? Ha ha, please

Finger tips on the hips as I dip, gotta get a tight grip, don't slip
Loose lips sink ships, it's a trip
I love the way she licks her lips, see me jocking
Put a little twist in her hips cause I'm watching
Conversations on the phone til the break of dawn
Now we all alone, why the lights on?
Turn 'em off, time to set it off, get you wet and soft
Something's on your mind, let it off
You don't know me, you just met me, you won't let me
Well if I couldn't have it (silly rabbit) why you sweating me?
It's a lot of real G's doing time
Cause a groupy bit the truth and told a lie
You picked the wrong guy baby if you're too fly
You need to hit the door, search for a new guy
Cause I only got one night in town
Break out or be clown, baby doll are you down?
I get around

[Shock G]
Round and round, round we go (Repeat 8x)
Check it out

MC am I, people call me Milk
When I'm bustin' up a party I feel no guilt
Gizmo's cuttin', up for the
Suckers that's, down with me
The one of us, that's how I feel
To be down you must appeal
To the Two, we're rated R
We're gifted, and we're going far
Down the road, to the bank
While I'm here I'd like to thank
Mom and dad, they knew the time
Gizmo's scratching Milk Dee's rhyming
Milk is chillin', Giz is chillin'
What more can I say? Top billin'
That's what we get, got it good
Since you understood, would you
Stop scheming, and looking hard
I got a great big bodyguard

So step up if you wanna get hurt
Milk Dee's gonna pull the skirt
I get money, money I got
Stunts call me honey if they feel real hot
That's how it is, you can ask Giz
I stole your girl while you were in prison
Jail, for MC assault
You was jealous it's all your fault
Milk is chillin', Giz is chillin'
What more can I say? Top billin'
That's what we get, got it good
And since you understood, would you
Clap your hands, your hands you clap
If your girl's out of place it's your girl I slap

And if you're dumb, you'll ask why
I am from that Do-or-Die
The Audio Two, the Two's Audio
I got a brother and his name's Gizmo
Milk is chillin', Gizmo's chillin'
What more can I say? Top billin'
That's what we get, got it good
And since you understood, would you
Bite a rhyme, if you dare
I get the papers so I don't care

My contributions to this jam
Is confusing, because I am
Milk Dee, Milk Dee's dated all the way
The super easy mightiest MC okay
Yes I'm down, down by law
I get the girlies out on the floor
G is D, down is G
Two the at the top is where he'll be
That is us, call us odd
Girls come in you won't be bored
Milk is chillin', Gizmo's chillin'
What more can I say? Top billin'
That's what we get, got it good
And since you understood, would you
Do a dance, dance the Two
If, you can dance it's easy to do
This dance is on and on and on
Dance until your breath is gone
It ain't hard to tell, I excel, then prevail
The mic is contacted, I attract clientele
My mic check is life or death, breathin a sniper's death
I exhale the yellow smoke of buddha through righteous steps
Deep like The Shinin', sparkle like a diamond
Sneak a uzi on the island in my army jacket linin
Hit the Earth like a comet, invasion
Nas is like the Afrocentric Asian, half-man, half-amazin
Cause in my physical, I can express throuh song
Delete stress like Motrin, then extend strong
I drank Moet with Medusa, give her shotguns in hell
From the spliff that I lift and inhale, it ain't hard to tell
The buddha monk's in your trunk, turn the bass up
Nas, stories by Aesop, place your loot up, parties I shoot up
Nas, I analyze, drop a jew-el
Inhale from the L, school a fool well, you feel it like braille
It ain't hard to tell, I kick the skill like Shaquille holds a pill
Vocabulary spills I'm Illplus Matic, I freak beats slam it like Iron Shiek
Jam like a tech with correct techniques
So analyze me, surprise me, but can't magmatize me
Scannin while you're plannin ways to sabatoge me
I leave em froze like her-on in your noseNas'll rock well, it ain't hard to tell
This rhythmatic explosion, is what your frame of mind has chosen
I'll leave your brain stimulated, niggaz is frozen
Speak with criminal slang, begin like a violin
End like Leviathan, it's deep well let me try again
Wisdom be leakin out my grapefruit troop
I dominate break loops, givin mics men-e-straul cycles
Street's disciple, I rock beats that's mega trifle
And groovy but smoother than moves by Villanova
You're still a soldier, I'm like Sly Stallone in Cobra
Packin like a rasta in the weed spotVocals'll squeeze glocks, MC's eavesdropT
Though they need not to sneakMy poetry's deep, I never fell
Nas's raps should be locked in a cellIt ain't hard to tell
[Jay-Z]
Rock on
Roc-A-Fella y'all

[Chorus - Nas]
Presidents to represent me
I'm out for Presidents to represent me [x2]
I'm out for Dead Presidents to represent me

[Jay-Z]
Well I was fit that wonderama shit
Me and my conglomerate
Shall remain anonymous
Caught up in the finest shit
Live out by dreams until my heart gives out
And while we crave you know exactly what the shit's about
Fuck y'all mean? Handlin' since a teen I dish out
Like the point-guard off your favorite team without doubt
My life ain't rosy but I roll with it
My mind was fine 'till the dough hit it
And told me that the mo' did it
And now it's closer shit and so I said it
I blow a digit on a dimin' in a minute but no bitchin'
Watch how I'm walkin' cause even the thoroughest niggas be knockin',
Tryin' to strike a bargain,
Hopin' that they might get pardoned
Shit on me boy we got me pins and needles
And my cerebral be's the wickedess evil
Thoughts that this boughter feed you
Feed back in a game so deep fien's can catch ya
Freeze off my knee cap can y'all believe that
Got the city drinkin' Crystal raise up the fee
Rappers going broke tryin' to keep up wit me
My rise the riches surprise the bitches
Think harder you know this nigga Jay-Z Shawn Carter
G.S. to fuck up, three years to fuck up
Watch me shine like a brightly be gets to fuck up
All rhymers forget like Alzheimer's
Small timers I said it
I'm addressing all drama torture

[Chorus - Nas]
I'm out for Presidents to represent me [x3]
I'm out for Dead Presidents to represent me
[Repeat x1]

[Jay-Z]
So sick of niggas
I want money like Cosby who wouldn't
It's this kind of talk that make me think
You probably ain't got no pudding
Niggas got them kinda dreams from jail
You in the streets nigga
Make your move get your get your mail
Niggas are coastin' the S.L. but can't post bail
Niggas are roast the L.
But scared to throw your toast well
I am here to tell niggas it ain't all swell
There's heaven then there's hell niggas
One day your cruisin' in ya seven
Next day your sweatin' forgetin' your lies
Alibis ain't matchin' up, bullshit catchin' up
Hit with the rico, they repo your vehicle
Everything was all good just a week ago
Bout to start bitchin' ain't you
Ready to start snitchin' ain't you
I forgive your weak ass hustlin' just ain't you
Aside from the fast cars
Hunnies that shake they ass at bars
You know you wouldn't be involved
With the underworld dealers, carriers and mac-miller's
East-coast bodiers, west-coast cap peelers
Little monkey niggas turn gorilla's
Stopped in the station filled up on noctane
And now they not sane, and not playin'
That goes without sayin'
Slangin' day in and day out
With money playin' then they play you out
Tryin' to escape my own mind
Lurkin' the enemy representin' infinite
With presidencies you know

[Chorus - Nas]
Dead Presidents to represent me [x4]
I'm our for presidents to represent me [x7]
I'm our for Dead Presidents to represent me
Who y'all talkin to man?
Uhh
Check it out, check it out
This here goes out
to all the niggaz that be fuckin mad bitches
in other niggaz cribs
thinkin shit is sweet
Nigga creep up on your ass, hahaha
Live niggaz respect it, check it

I kick flows for ya, kick down doors for ya
Even left all my motherfuckin hoes for ya
Niggaz think Frankie pussy whipped, nigga picture that
With a Kodak, Insta-ma-tak
We don't get down like that, lay my game down quite flat
Sweetness, where you parked at?
Petiteness but that ass fat
She got a body make a nigga wanna eat that, I'm fuck witchu
The bitch official doe, dick harder than a missile yo
Try to hit if she trippin dissapearin like Arsenio
Yo, the bitch push a double-oh
with the five in front, probably a connivin stunt
Y'all drive in front, I'm a peel with her
Find a deal with her, she fuck around and steal, huh?
Then we all get laced
Television's, Versacci heaven, when I'm up in em
The shit she kicked, all the shit's legit
She get dick from a player off the New York Knicks
Nigga tricked ridiculous, the shit was plush
She's stressin me to fuck, like she was in a rush
We fucked in his bed, quite dangerous
I'm in his ass while he playin gainst the Utah Jazz
My 112, CD blast, I was past
She came twice I came last, roll the grass
She giggle, say I don't smoke it on homegrown
Then I heard her moan, honey I'm home
Yep, tote chrome for situations like this
I'm up in his broad I know he won't like this
Now I'm like bitch you better talk to him
Before this fist put a spark to him
Fuck around shit get dark to him, put a part through him
Lose a major part to him, arm, leg
She beggin me to stop but this cat gettin closer
Gettin hot like a toaster, I cocks the toast, uhh
Before my eyes could blink
She screams out, "Honey bring me up somethin to drink!"
He go back downstairs more time to think
Her brain racin, she's tellin me to stay patient
She don't know I'm, cool as a fan
Gat in hand, I don't wanna blast her man
But I can and I will doe, I probably chill doe
Even though situation lookin kinda ill yo
It came to me like a song I wrote
Told the bitch gimme your scarf, pillowcase and rope
Got dressed quick, tied the scarf around my face
Roped the bitch up, gagged her mouth with the pillowcase
Play the cut, nigga comin off some love potion shit
Flash the heat on em, he stood emotionless
Dropped the glass screamin, "Don't blast here's the stash,
a hundred cash just don't shoot my ass, please!"
Nigga pullin mad G's out the floor
Put stacks in a Prater knapsack, hit the door
Grab the keys to the five, call my niggaz on the cell
Bring some weed I got a story to tell, uhh...

Yo man, y'all niggaz ain't gonna believe what the fuck happened to me.
Remember that bitch I left the club with man? Yo, freaky yo. I'm up in
this bitch playa this bitch fuckin run them ol mink ass niggaz and shit,
I'm up in the spot though. One of them six-five niggaz, I don't know.
Anyway I'm up in the motherfuckin spot, so boom I'm up in the pussy,
whatever whatever. I sparks up some lye, Pop Duke creeps up in on some,
must have been rained out or something *laughing* because he's in the
spot. Had me scared, had me scared, I was shook Daddy - but I forget I
had my Roscoe on me. Always. You know how we do. So anyway the nigga
comes up the stairs, he creepin up the steps, the bitch all shook she
sends the nigga back downstairs to get some drinks and shit. She gettin
mad nervous, I said fuck that man! I'm the nigga, you know how we do it
nigga, ransom note style put the scarf around my motherfuckin face,
gagged that bitch up, played the kizzack. Soon this nigga comes up in
the spot, flash the Desert in his face he drops the glass. Looked like
the nigga pissed on his-self or somethin, word to mother! Ahh fuckit
this nigga runs dead to the floor, peels up the carpet, start givin me
mad papers, mad papers. (I told you that bitch was a shiesty bitch cuz!
Word to mother I used to fuck her cousin but you ain't know that! Hahaha.
You wouldn't know that shit. Really though.) I threw all that
motherfuckin money up in the Prada knapsack. Two words, I'm gone!
(No doubt, no doubt... no doubt!) Yo nigga got some lye, y'all got
some lye? *conversation fades out*
Verse One: Tame One

I'm out to bomb like Vietnam under the same name Tame One
The bad one, ink flow master bastard with the Magnum
I tags up quick, and then I steps to the exit
When it's time to get sefted or flex on some fresh shit
Some wack crook stole my black book I know who took it
I know his whole tag because the fag writes his name crooked
The ink I use might stink, but you gotta think
I got my props Hoppes, cause my tags don't shrink
I'm taggin and baggin bitches cause my name, is famous in the street
Cause they know my name's from cruising in the Jeeps
So yo, grab a can and put your man up and stand up
For the fresh never stale niggaz off the third rail
Deep dark and black like the Magnum I pack
It's that Artifacts chat from the wrong side of da tracks

Chorus: repeat 2X

The Artifacts are from the wrong, side of da tracks
The Artifacts are from the wrong side

Verse Two: El Da Sensai

I load my backpack with spray paint Girbaud couldn't spark the
Tagging up a train I catch the pound take a trip
To the train yards and think back, when I used to write that
Shit that used to hit, had all the mad color tips
Breakin was my thing I used to spin the back
I never thought I'd spin the wax, with tracks to make your hands clap
I could've went the other way but no haps
I got my dap on the map with the Bic down to a spray cap
Niggaz used to doubt to my clout but now I turn em out
They shout my shout out uptown, like they wanna be down
Avoid the crowds that wanna stab me in the back enough of that
Watch the third rail track, cause I don't wanna get zapped
Pieces I burn to show my name no shame
Don't wanna put the blame down on my nigga Tame
Brothers don't wanna see me grow to get my cash flow
I have no remorse, so check me out in The Source

Chorus (2X)

Verse Three: Tame One, El Da Sensai

I burn my name up quick like a Thai stick
As red as my eyes get I still rocks the fly shit
Back with some ultra flat black catchin wreck in a sec
Wet paint, ain't shit, when I'm on the set
I'm live like the third rail, on time like a fast train
The name Tame alone got fame so fuck a last name
I tags mad when I drag a fat sack of ism
Comin out with New Editions like Mike Bivins
I get a sticker from my nigga with the bag of em
Write my name on em then I peel off the back of em
And stick em to victims of underground systems
Let the toys bring the noise, me and my boys are gonna diss em

In conclusion don't snooze when two niggaz from the Jerz
Kick the mad graffiti slurs and kick the bass to the curb
The Artifacts Jack, bringin the art of facts back
Some seem to forget about the ebony that caught wreck
So remember this you're tender when you slip in to enter
The Artifacts zone cause graffiti's still growin
To kick ass pizazz slash let me tag
Why is that black? Because the wack jack was known as a fag
So don't cross the path that's the gat to your back
The Artifacts out, wrong side of da tracks

Chorus (2X)
Well excuse me, take a few minutes, to mellow out
Big Daddy Kane is on the mic and I'ma tell about
a minimum length, of rhymes of strength
and power, so listen to the man of the hour
Flow and go to a slow tempo and you know
sing hoe, swing low, then yo the show
will go on, as I perform
Transformin on stage like a Decepticon
But I'm not animated like a cartoon
I'm for real, shootin lyrics like a harpoon
Across the crowd, the listeners, the spectators
So let's groove with the smooth operator
I know, I can't afford to stop
for a moment.. that it's too soon.. to forget
I know, I can't afford to stop
for a moment.. that it's too soon.. to forget

[Mos Def] - speaking over sung vocals
Man.. for real
I was in love with this girl, y'know
I was.. to' up dog! I'm tellin you man
She was wild man.. f'real
It's just too.. let me tell you about her

[Mos Def]
Yo, in she came with the same type game
The type of girl givin out the fake cell phone and name
Big fame, she like cats with big thangs
Jewels chip, money clip, phone flip, the six range
I seen her on the ave, spotted her more than once
Ass so fat that you could see it from the front
She spot me like paparazzi
Shot me a glance in that catwoman stance with the fat booty pants
Hot damn!
What your name love, where you came from?
Neck and wrist laced up, very little make-up
The slims at the Rebok gym tone your frame up
Is sugar and spice the only thing that you made of?
I tried to play it low key but couldn't keep it down
Asked her to dance she was like yo, I'm leaving now'
An hour later, sounds from Jamaica
She sippin Crys straight up, shaking, winding her waist up
Scene two: my fam throwin the jam
For Reed is on the stand big things is in the plan
The brother Big Moon make space for me to move in
Hey, this my man Mos, baby let me introduce
I turn around
Say, you is the same pretty girl that I had priorly observed
Trying to play me for the herb (yeah, that's her)
Shocked as hell she couldn't get it together
I just played it low and pretended I never met her
How you feelin', oh I'm fine', my name is Mos', I'm Sharice'
I heard so much good about you its nice to finally meet
We moved to the booth reserved crew especially
And honey love ended up sittin directly next to me
I'm type polite but now I'm lookin at her skeptically
Cause baby girl got all the right weaponry
Designer fabric, shoes, and accessories
Chinky eyes, sweet voice is *fucking* on me mentally
We conversated, made a laugh, yeah you know me bro
Even though I know the steelo, she wild sweet yo
I'm about to merc, I say peace to the family
She hop up like how you gonna leave before you dance with me?'

[hook]
(sung)
I know I can't afford this life
For a moment
That its too soon
To forget
x2

(spoken by Mos Def)
She blew my whole habit, that girl
I was like what'
I played it low though, I was like yeah, aiight, c'mon then, let's go'
Its mad, it was so sick, I tell ya
Yo, honey was so blazin, she was just
Yo, she was like J. Kennedy
Word bond, to my mother man
She was that ill man, she take me to the dance floor
And she start whispering to me

[Mos Def]
Yo, let me apologize for the other night
I know it wasn't right
But baby you know what its like
Some brothers don't be coming right
I understand, I'm feeling you
Beside, can I have a dance?' ain't really that original
We laughed about it, traced her arms across my shoulder blades
They playing lovers' rock, I got the folded fingers on her waist
Heating my blood up like the Arizona summer song
Finished then she whisper honey, let's exchange numbers'
Scene three: weeks of datin late night conversation
In the crib heart racin, tryin to be cool and patient
She touched on my eyelids, the room fell silent
She walked away smilin singing Gregory Issac
Like if I don't, if I don't, if I don't'
Showin me that tan line and that tatoo
Playin Sade, "Sweetest Taboo"
Burnin candles, all my other plans got canceled
Man I smashed it like an Idaho potato
She call my at my J.O., come now', I can't say no
Ginseng tree trunks, rockin the p-funk
Cocking her knees up, champion lover not ease up
Three months, she call I feel I'm runnin a fever'
Six months, I'm tellin her I desperately need her
Nine months, flu-like symptoms when shorty not around
I need more than to knock it down I'm really tryin to lock it down
Midnight we hook up and go at it
Burn is over, let her know, sweetheart I got to have it
She tellin me commitment is somethin she can't manage
Wake up the next morning, she gone like it was magic
Ahh damnit! My shit is all Harrison Ford frantic
My 911 wasn't answered by my fly Taurus enchantress
Next week, who hit me up, I saw Sharice at the kiddie club
With some banging ass Asian playin lay it down and lick me up
What!?
Don't sweat the Technique(2x)

Let's trace the hints and check the file
Let see who bit to detect the style
I flip the script so they can't get foul.
At least not now, it'll take a while
I change the pace to complete the beat
I drop the bass,'till mc's get weak.
For every word they trace, it's a scar they keep...
'Cause when I speak, they freak
To sweat the technique
I made my debut in '86
Wit a melody and a president's mix
And now I stay on target and refuse to miss
And I still make hits
wit' beats, parties, clubs, in the cars and jeeps
My underground sound vibrates the streets
MC's wanna beef then I play for keeps
When they sweat the technique

Don't Sweat the Technique

They wanna know how many rhymes have I ripped in rep., but
Researchers never found all the pieces yet
Scientists try to solve the context
Philosophers are wondering what's next
Pieces are took to last who observe them
They couldn't absorb them, they didn't deserve them
My ideas are only for the audience's ears
For my opponents, it might take years
Pencils and pens, are swords
Letters put together form a key to chords
I'm also a sculpture, born with structure
Because of my culture, I'm a rip and destruct the
Difficult styles that'll be for the technology
Complete sights and new heights after I get deep
You don't have to speak just seek
And peep the technique

But don't sweat the technique

I speak indiscreet cause talk is cheap
Then I get deep and the weak then complete their
Pull with a seat, never weak or obsolete
They never grow old techniques become antiques
Better then something brand new 'cause it's radiant
And the wild style'll have much more volume
Classical too intelligent to be radical
Masterful, never irrelevant: mathematical
Here's some soothing souvenirs for all the years
They fought, and sought, the thoughts and ideas
It's cool when you freak to the beat
But don't sweat the technique

Don't sweat the technique (2x)
Huh (huh) huh (huh) huh (huh) huh (huh)
Yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah)

Lil Fame:
Take minks off! Take things off!
Take chains off! Take rings off!
Bracelets is yapped, Fame came off!
(Ante Up!) Everything off!
Fool what you want? We stiflin them fools
Fool what you want? Your life or your jewels?
The rules, (back em down) next thing, (clap em down)
Respect mine we Brooklyn bound, (bound! now, (now!)

Billy Danze:
Brownsville, home of the brave
Put in work in the street like a slave
Keep rugged dress code
Always in this stress mode
(That shit will send you to your grave) So?
You think I don't know that? (BLOW!)
Nigga hold that! (BLOW!) Nigga hold that! (BLOW!) Nigga hold that!
From the street cousin, you know the drill
I'm 900 and 99 thou short of a mill

Chorus:
Ante Up! Yap that fool!
Ante Up! Kidnap that fool!
It's the perfect timin, you see the man shinin
Get up of them god damn diamonds! Huh!
Ante Up! Yap that fool!
Ante Up! Kidnap that fool!
Get him (get him) get him! Hit him (hit him) hit him!
Yap him! (Zap him!) Yap him! (Zap him!)

Lil Fame:
Them thugs you know, ain't friendly
Them jewels you rock, make em envy
You thinkin it's all good, you creep through a small hood
Goons comin up outta cut for your goods and they all should
Ante Up! Yap that fool
You want big money, kidnap that fool!
If you up in the club, back at your pis-tal money
Catch them fools at the bar for that Cristal Money

Billy Danze:
The '87 stick up kids, (what you niggas sayin?)
Get the fuck up out that 740 shorty I ain't playin
It's fash that thang time, (bang) bang time
Ante Up! Nigga, it's game time
Hand over the ring, take over the chain
Gimme the fuckin watch before I pop one in your brain
Stop playin these childish games with me
Represtentin 1-7-1-8, dangerously, nigga

Chorus

Lil Fame:
I'm a street regulator, true playa hater
Get back doen make yo' ass a mack spraya hater
Things that we need, money, clothes, weed indeed
Hats, food, booze, essentials, credentials
Code of the streets, owners who creep
Slow when you sleep, holdin the heat
Put holes in your jeep, respect mine we streets
It's the L-I L-F A-M (M!) E (E!)

Billy Danze:
Yeah, nigga Danze, gave you a chance
Cuz I blazed your man,I'm in the room, he said he was strong
I had reason to believe he had some shit up his sleeve all along
(So?) Fuck you Your Honor! Check my persona!
I'm strong enough for Old Gold and marijuana!
I'ma do what I wanna, quiet as kept
(Raise hell!) Till I was tired of stress, yes lord!

Chorus

Outro:
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha...
The fuck, the fuck, the fuck...
Nigga!
What the fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck...
Ha, what
First Family, First Family...
Brooklyn...
Yeah!
Arm me with harmony
Dave drop a load on 'em
verse 1:
Hmm...OPP, how can I explain it
I'll take you frame by frame it
To have y'all all jumpin' shall we singin' it
O is for Other, P is for People...scratch yo temple
The last P Well...that's not that simple
It's sorta like a, well, another way to call a cat a kitten
It's five little letters that I'm missin' here
You get it on occassion if the other party
isn't game'n it seems I gotta start the explainin'
Bust it
You ever had a girl and met her on a nice hello
You get her name and number then left feelin' real mellow
You get home, wait a day, she's what you wanna know about
Then you call up and it's her girlfriend's or her cousin's house
It's not a front, an F to the R to the O to the N to the T
It's just her boyfriend's at her house (Boy, that's what is scary)
It's OPP, some other people's pu... You get it?
There's no room for relationships there's just room to hit it
How many brothers out there know just what I'm gettin' at?
Who thinks it's wrong 'cos I was splittin' and co-hittin' dat?
Well if you do, that's OPP and you're not down with it
But if you don't, here's your membership

Chorus:
You down with OPP (Yeah you know me) 3X
Who's down with OPP (Every last homie)
You down with OPP (Yeah you know me) 3X
Who's down with OPP (All the homies)
abs thta was fresh x7
yeah u know me,yeah u know me yeah u know me all da homies!
verse 2:
As for the ladies, OPP means something gifted
The first two letters are the same but the last is something
different
It's the longest, loveliest, lean-- I call it the leanest
It's another five letter word rhymin' with cleanness and meanness
I won't get into that, I'll do it...uh...sorta properly
I'll say the last P...hmm...stands for property
Now lady here comes a kiss, blow a kiss back to me, now tell me
exactly
Have you ever known a brother who had another like a girl or wife
And you just had to stop and just 'cos he look just as nice
You looked at him, he looked at you and you knew right away
He had someone but he was gonna be yours anyway
You couldn't be seen with him and honestly you didn't care
'Cos in a room behind a door no one but y'all are there
When y'all are finish, y'all can leave and only y'all would know
And y'all could throw that skeleton bone right in the closet do'
Now don't be shocked 'cos if you're down I want your hands up high
Say OPP (OPP) I like to say with pride
Now when you do it, do it well and make sure that it counts
You're now down with it, discount

Chorus:
You down with OPP (Yeah you know me) 3X
Who's down with OPP (Every last lady)
You down with OPP (Yeah you know me) 3X
Who's down with OPP (All the ladies)

This gal tried to OPP me
I had a girl and she knew that, matter-of-fact, hell, my girl was partners
that
Had a fall out, disagreement, yeah an argument
She tried to do me, so we did it in my apartment, bust it
That wasn't the thing, it must have been the way she hit the ceiling
'Cos after that she kept on coming back and catchin' feelings
I said, "Let's go my girl is coming so you gotta leave"
She said, "Oh no, I love you Treach" I said, "Now child please"
You gots to leave, come grab your coat, right now you gotta go
I said I'll look you to the stairs and to the stair window
This was a thing, a little thing, you shouldn't have brought your heart
'Cos you knew I was OPP, hell from the very start
Come on, come on, now let me tell you what it's all about
When you get down, you can't go 'round runnin' off at the mouth
That's rule number one in this OPP establishment
You keep your mouth shut and it won't get back to her or him
Exciting isn't it, a special kinda business
Many of you will catch the same sorta OPP visit with him or her
For sure, I'm going to admit it: When OPP comes,
Damn skippy, I'm wit' it

Chorus:
You down with OPP (Yeah you know me) 3X
Who's down with OPP (This whole party)
You down with OPP (Yeah you know me) 3X
Who's down with OPP (This whole party)

Break it down!
California love!

California...knows how to party
California...knows how to party
In the citaaay of L.A.
In the citaaay of good ol' Watts
In the citaaay, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin!

Verse One: Dr. Dre

Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild west
A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness
The track hits ya eardrum like a slug to ya chest
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state with a bomb ass hemp beat
the state where ya never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens
lean mean money-makin-machines servin fiends
I been in the game for ten years makin rap tunes
ever since honeys was wearin sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shinin lookin like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to tha Bay
Your city is tha bomb if your city makin pay
Throw up a finger if ya feel the same way
Dre puttin it down for
Californ-i-a

California...knows how to party
California...knows how to party
In the citaaay of L.A.
In the citaaay of good ol' Watts
In the citaaay, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin!

Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it mama
Shake it Cali
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it shake it shake it...

Verse Two: 2Pac

Out on bail fresh outta jail, California dreamin
Soon as I stepped on the scene, I'm hearin hoochies screamin
Fiendin for money and alcohol
the life of a west side playa where cowards die
Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die
In L.A. we wearin Chucks not Ballies (that's right)
Dressed in Locs and khaki suits and ride is what we do
Flossin but have caution we collide with other crews
Famous cause we program worldwide
Let'em recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumpin and grindin like a slow jam, it's west side
So you know the row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say
But give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A.
From Oakland to Sacktown
The Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put they mack down
Give me love!

California...knows how to party
California...knows how to party
In the citaaay of L.A.
In the citaaay of good ol' Watts
In the citaaay, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin!

Dr. Dre: now make it shake...

Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it mama
Shake it Cali
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it shake it shake it...

Outro: Dre, 2Pac

(Dre)uh, yeah, uh, longbeach in tha house, uh yeah
Oaktown, Oakland definately in tha house hahaha
Frisko, Frisko
(Tupac) hey, you know LA is up in this
(Dre)Pasadina, where you at
yeah, Ingelwood, Ingelwood always up to no good
(Tupac) even Hollywood tryin to get a piece baby
(Dre)Sacramento, sacramento where ya at? yeah

(Tupac)Throw it up y'all, throw it up, Throw it up, I can't see ya
Let's show these fools how we do this on that west side
Cause you and I know it's tha best side

(Dre)yeah, That's riight
west coast, west coast
uh, California Love
California Love
Intro:

EeeyiyiyiyiyahtheDoggPound'sinthehou-owwse (the bomb)
EeeyiyiyiyiyeahtheDoggPound'sinthehou-oww-owse
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (Dog)

Verse One:

From the depths of the sea, back to the block
Snoop Doggy Dogg, funky as the, the, The D.O.C
Went solo on that ass, but it's still the same
Long Beach is the spot where I served my cane
Follow me, follow me, follow me, follow me, but don't lose your grip
Nine-trizzay's the yizzear for me to fuck up shit
So I ain't holdin nuttin back
And motherfucker I got five on the twenty sack
It's like that and as a matter of fact [rat-tat-tat-tat]
Cuz I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
[Yeah, so peep out the manuscript
You see that it's a must we drop gangsta shit]
What's my motherfuckin name?

Chorus:

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (yeah yeah yeah)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Da-duh-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (Dog)

Verse Two:

It's the bow to the wow, creepin and crawlin
Yiggy yes y'allin, Snoop Doggy Dogg in
the motherfuckin house like everyday
Droppin shit with my nigga Mr Dr. Dre
Like I said, niggaz can't FUCK with this
And niggaz can't FUCK with that
shit that I drop cuz ya know it don't stop
Mr. One Eight Seven on a motherfuckin cop
Tic toc never the glock just some nuts and a cock
Robbin motherfuckers then I kill dem blood claats
Then I step through the fog and I creep through the smog
Cuz I'm Snoop Doggy (who?) Doggy (what?) Doggy [Dogg]

Chorus:

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyoyoyoyoyoyo

Verse Three:

Now just throw your hands in the motherfuckin air
And wave the motherfuckers like ya just don't care
Yeah roll up the dank, and pour the drank
And watch your step (why?) cuz Doggy's on the gank
My bank roll's on swoll
My shit's on hit, legit, now I'm on parole, stroll
with the Dogg Pound right behind me
and up in yo bitch, is where ya might find me
Layin that, playin that G Thang
She want the nigga with the biggest nuts, and guess what?
He is I, and I am him, slim with the tilted brim
What's my motherfuckin name?

Chorus:

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (Dog)
Da-duh-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (the bomb)
Da-duh-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (Dog) (the bomb)
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)
Doggy Dogg, Doggy Dogg, Doggy Dogg
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)
What is, his name? Snoop Dogg, and the Dogg Pound
(Dog) (the bomb)
Ohhh, Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg (the bomb)
Yeah yeah (Dog) I know his name
C'mon Snoopy, c'mon Snoopy (the bomb)
And the Dogg Pound
Snoopy Dogg (the bomb) Snoopy Dogg
Snoopy Dogg (Dog)
(Dog, nasty dog, doggy dog)
DOVE:
Mirror, mirror on the wall
Tell me, mirror, what is wrong?
Can it be my De La clothes
Or is it just my De La song?
What I do ain't make-beleive
People say I sit and try
But whan it comes to being De La
It's just me myself and I

It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I

POS:
Now you tease my Plug One style
And my Plug One spectacles
You say Plug One and Two are hippies
No, we're not, that's pure Plug bull
Always pushing that we've formed an image
There's no need to lie
When it comes to being Plug One
It's just me myself and I

It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I

DOVE:
Proud, I'm proud of what I am
Poems I speak are Plug Two type
Please oh please let Plug Two be
Himself, not what you read or write
Right is wrong when hype is written
On the Soul, De La that is,
Style is surely our own thing
Not the false disguise of showbiz
De La Soul is from the soul
And this fact I can't deny
Strictly from the Dan called Stuckie
And from me myself and I

It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I

POS:
Glory, glory hallelu
Glory for Plugs One and Two
But that glory's been denied
By kizids and dookie eyes
People think they dis my person
By stating I'm darkly pack
I know this so I point at Q-Tip
And he states, 'Black is Black'
Mirror mirror on the wall,
Shovel chestnuts in my path
Please keep on up with the nuts
So I don't get in aftermath
But if I do I'll calmly punch them
In the fourth day of July
'Cause they tried to mess with
Third degree, that's me myself and I

It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I
It's just me myself and I
Chorus:
Do you wanna ride
In the backseat of a Caddy
Chop it up with Do or Die

Verse One:
Seven double oh P.M. fly low to them hoes in the B-M
Sippin Seagram, chewin on a weed stem
Touchin on my fo' fin
Move it to the back so I can see who beepin this Po Pimp
Spring to the phone with a slow limp
In a trip that shitted with 3-1-2-7-6-2-10
Three line connection, as the rest of them wanted affection
Just bring the weed, we got the drinks you need
And plus we strapped with two protections
I put the phone in the hook, then I pause for a minute
Cause I forgot where I met the hoe
And the feeling I've forgotten if the hoes wanna snap
I straight up check the hoe, really doe, to the crib
(rpt 1)

Verse Two:
Seven deuce five, the ride the point to spot the live hoes
Three miles per hour, like we runnin up on some ri-vals
Never to deny though, these bitches look fly 'Lo
Introduce myself, a to the motherfuckin K finna recognize
Then I loose myself juice myself
As you take one pull, uhh, pass it to the left and umm
Self-centered niggaz'll take two pulls
'Cuz they thinkin about samplin umm
P-I, M-P, ology, but logically
We're learnin' these hoes biology, and obviously, well...

Mmm, ain't this some shit, pull up in the C-A
D-I, Double-L, with ah A-C, A-C hoes
They peep those, P-I, M-P, and they think that automatically
Cause he's a pimp, he gotta be, full of that
M-O, N-E, but why?
Cause nigga be sportin nice cars and fancy clothes
Fresh jewels Girbaud flexin one five oh (chop chop)
Chop up that paper hoe, chop up that paper hoe
Watch where your lips go, caress my tip slow
To the tempo, instrumental
Real simple when you fuckin with a pimp doe
Get involved in the backseat
Let's have me in the cab betcha mess with ya young ass
Smokin on that finest grass
Never miss what you never had, at last
P-I, M-P, ology, but logically
We learnin these hoes biology, and obviously, well...
(rpt 1)

Verse Three:
Well a motherfucker might be broke and shit
and then collecting no dough from tips
But I be spittin mo' game than a mouthful of poker chips
to get them hoes with the Oprah lips and the provokin hips
and never gotta tell her many lies
I been lookin in the city skies, get up in the kitty's thighs
cause I'm blessed with a look of innocence, good sex
peanut butter complex and some pretty eyes
Pity cries on my strategy side, yo when outta me gotta be
right, that'd be the flatter me right
But if the head the bonk c'mon suck a nigga dick
Members of my click, wanna see what that'd be like
I know you wanna try it out, to the rhythm of a high hat
Don't be bogus and deny that
I done got a hold of dem my fellas on the train
while she lie back, now motherfucker can you bow down?
Where your ride at? On the passenger side of your hoes
Tryin ta come up on another G
The broad all up under me tryin ta smother me
Lookin love-ly while I roll another bead, suddenly
She learned that I don't deal with emotions
But when we in the room she rubbin me with lotion
Comin' like an ocean coastin have a cig thinking
Me and Do or Die dig drinkin love potion
The word that was never said
Twisted be givin women dick in the bed
Until they sick in the head, and if I ever leave whoever dead
They ain't trickin the Feds or spittin' game
But it's chicken and bread
Kickin them legs in the air like a playa do
Then be little in a day or two
After words I'm slay a crew, now that's some pimp type shit
That B-Low and AK'll do, wearing gray and blue
If a hoe wanna holler then you a playa if you hit them ends
and get the dividends but you a pimp if you can get
The same hoe to wanna freak your friends
'Cause I studied P-I, M-P, ology, but logically
Be learnin these hoes biology, obviously, well...
(rpt 1)
He has arrived, at the Apollo
Ha ha ha ha ha ha uhh
See to live is to suffer but to survive
well that's to find meaning in the suffering.

Chorus
Ay yo I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I can't get up
Ay yo I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I can't get up
Ay yo I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I gots to get up
Get me back on my feet so I can tear shit up!
(Repeat)

-1-
I been through mad different phases like Masons
to find my way &amp;amp; now I know that happy days are not far away
If I'm strong enough I'll live long enough to see my kids
doing something more constructive with they time
than bids I know because I been there
now I'm in there sit back &amp;amp; look
at what it took for me to get there
First came the &amp;quot;Howll!!&amp;quot; the drama with my mama
she got on some fly shit &amp;quot;What!&amp;quot; til I split
and said that I'ma be that seed
that doesn't need much to succeed
strapped with mad greed and a heart that doesn't bleed
I'm ready for the world or at least I thought I was
baggin' &amp;quot;Uhh!&amp;quot; when I caught a buzz
for thinking about how short I was
Going too fast it wouldn't last but yo I couldn't tell
group homes &amp;amp; institutions, prepare my ass for jail
They put me in a situation forcin' me to be a man
when I was just learnin' to stand without a helpin' hand
Damn, was it my fault, somethin' I did
to make a father leave his first kid at 7 doin' my first bid?
Back on the scene at 14 with a scheme
to get more cream than I'd ever seen in a dream
and by all means I will be living high off the hog
and I never gave a &amp;quot;What!!&amp;quot; about much but my dog
That's my only &amp;quot;Howll!&amp;quot; I had offered my last
Just another little &amp;quot;Come on!!&amp;quot; headed nowhere fast

Chorus

-2-
That ain't the half &amp;quot;Arf!&amp;quot; get's worse as I get older
actions become bolder heart got colder
chip on my shoulder that I dared a &amp;quot;Uhh!&amp;quot; to touch
didn't need a click cause I scared a &amp;quot;Uh huh&amp;quot; that much
One deep went to &amp;lt;edited&amp;gt; for kicks
catchin' vicks throwin' bricks gettin by bein' slick
used to get high to get by used to have to &amp;quot;Howl!!&amp;quot;
in the morning before I get fly
I ate something a couple of forties made me hate somethin'
I did some &amp;quot;Arf&amp;quot; now I'm ready to take something
3 years later showing signs of stress
didn't keep my hair cut or give a &amp;quot;Come on!&amp;quot; how I dressed
I'm possessed by the darker side livin' the cruddy life
&amp;quot;What!&amp;quot; like this kept a nigga with a bloody knife
wanna make records but I'm &amp;quot;Wheeew'd!&amp;quot; up
I'm slippin' I'm fallin' I can't get up

Chorus

-3-
Wasn't long before I hit rock bottom
&amp;quot;Howll!&amp;quot; was like damn look how that &amp;quot;how that&amp;quot; got him
Open like a window no more Indo look at a video
sayin' to myself that could've been yo &amp;lt;edited&amp;gt; on the TV
believe me it could be done somethin's got to give
it's got to change cause I've got a son
I've got to do the right thing for shorty
and that means no more getting high drinking forties
So I get back lookin' type slick again
Fake &amp;quot;What!&amp;quot; jump back on my &amp;quot;Uhh uh huh!&amp;quot; again
Nothin' but love for those that know how it feel
&amp;amp; much respect to all my &amp;quot;Come on!!&amp;quot; that kept it real
Be strong kept a &amp;lt;edited&amp;gt; from doin' wrong
&amp;quot;Uhh&amp;quot; who they is and this is yo &amp;quot;What uhh!&amp;quot; song
and to my boo who stuck with a &amp;quot;Arf!&amp;quot; through
all the bullshit you'll get yours because it's due

Chorus

can't get up...I gots to get up
This is from the heart baby, don't get it twisted
Ahh X RATED!!!!!
(feat. Melissa)

[Talkin]
My Spider senses is tinglin
Feel somethin, got my radars up

[Verse 1]
Somethin goin on, i feel funny cant tell me nuttin different
My nose twitchin
Intuition settin in like steve vision
I still close my eyes, i still see visions
Still hear that voice in tha back of my mind
So what i do? i still take heathe, i still listen
I still paint that perfect picture,
I still shine bright like a prism
My words still skippin - thru air
I know you cant, dont, wont get it
You n*ggas chose to ride that ship, sunk wit it
Im still afloat, i aint tha captain of tha yact but im on a boat
I aint actin what im not
Knowin that i dont, you n*ggas actin like you will but i know you wont, you wont
I read between tha lines of ya eyes to ya brows
Ya handshake aint matchin ya smile
Ill holla, you n*ggas foul

[Hook:]
I can feel it in tha air
I can feel it in tha air
I can feel it in tha air
I can hear it in your voice
I can feel it in tha air

[Verse 2]
I sit alone in my 4 cornered room starin at hammers
Ready to go banannas
2 vests on me, 2 techs, extra clips on me
I know my mind aint playin tricks on me
I aint skitz hommie
Aint no body drop a nick on me
Its like they tryna plot a set on me
I hear this voice in tha back of my mind like mack tighten up ya circle
Before they hurt you
Read they body language
85% communication non-verbal, 85% swear they know you
10% you know they story, man tha other 5... time'll show you, just know you
Then pull they strings, you tha puppet master
**** them other bastards
Man watch who you puffin after
Play ya cards, go against all odds
Shoot for tha moon if you miss, you still amongst those stars

[Hook:]
I can feel it in tha air
I can feel it in tha air
I can feel it in tha air (i aint scared n*gga i aint goin no where)
I can hear it in your voice (can you feel me?)
I can feel it in tha air (can you feel me?)

[Verse 3]
Can you feel it, can you feel it floatin?
Without picture quotin, scriptures from revalation
Talk **** and got tha devil waitin
Body get stiff, so levitate
Why do i speak blasphemy?
Knowin one day that he'll ask for me
Ask for my sins
No one'll feel his wrath for me
I go thru it, so you wouldnt do it...after me
As for me
Im still circlin tha block before im parkin
Not bitchin, im just still cautious
Same black parka, same uzzi, extra clips, still clappin wit that same larkin
Damn, i feel it in tha air, you not sincere
N*gga it aint an us, or we, or ima thing
Its a good/bad karma thing
This a song man the honest sing
I swear i feel somethin honestly

[Hook:]
I can feel it in tha air
I can feel it in tha air
I can feel it in tha air
I can hear it in your voice
I can feel it in tha air
I never thought that you would crab me
Undermine me, and backstab me
But I can see clearly now the rain is gone
The pain is gone but what you did was still wrong
There was a few times I needed your support
But you tried to play me like an indoor sport
like racquetball, tennis, fool, whatever
All I know is you attempted to be clever
Nevertheless, cleverness can't impress
Cause now you've been expose like a person undressed
cause I see through you, I'm the Guru
Now what you gonna do when I step to you
and when I pay you back I'll be hurting you
This ain't no threat so take it personal

Rap is an art you can't own no loops
It's how you hook em up and the rhyme style troop
So don't even think you could say someone bit
off your weak beat come on you need to quit
I flip lines and kick rhymes that never sound like yours
There oughtta be laws against you yapping your jaws
Originality overflows from in me
and the truth is, that you wish you could live the
life I live and kick the lyrics I kick
But bear in mind that you can't think as quick
So Premier drops a beat, for me to say verses to
And if I sound doper then take it personal

Don't be mad cause I don't come around the way
like I used to, I don't have time these days
I'm keeping busy making power moves
Don't try to say I don't remember you
You shouldn't let your jealousy show like that
I stopped coming by, cause of the way you act
Telling my business to kids I don't even know
You're like a daytime talk show, and that's low
So you can tell everyone, that I'm jerking you
And if you don't like it, take it personal
Represent, represent!! (repeat 4X)
Straight up shit is real and any day could be your last in the jungle
Get murdered on the humble, guns'll blast, niggaz tumble
The corners is the hot spot, full of mad criminals
who don't care, guzzlin beers, we all stare
at the out-of-towners (Ay, yo, yo, who that?) They better break North
before we get the four pounders, and take their face off
The streets is filled with undercovers, homicide chasin brothers
The D.A.'s on the roof, tryin to, watch us and knock us
And killer coppers, even come through in helicopters
I drink a little vodka, spark a L and hold a Glock for
the fronters, wannabe ill niggaz and spot runners
Thinkin it can't happen til I, trap em and clap em
and leave em done, won't even run about Gods
I don't believe in none of that shit, your facts are backwards
Nas is a rebel of the street corner
Pullin a Tec out the dresser, police got me under pressure
Represent, represent!! (repeat 4X)
Yo, they call me Nas, I'm not your legal type of fella
Moet drinkin, marijuana smokin street dweller
who's always on the corner, rollin up blessed
When I dress, it's never nuttin less than Guess
Cold be walkin with a bop and my hat turned back
Love committin sins and my friends sell crack
This nigga raps with a razor, keep it under my tongue
The school drop-out, never liked the shit from day one
cause life ain't shit but stress fake niggaz and crab stunts
So I guzzle my Hennesey while pullin on mad blunts
The brutalizer, crew de-sizer, accelerator
The type of nigga who be pissin in your elevator
Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game
Used to sport Bally's and Gazelle's with black frames
Now I'm into fat chains, sex and Tecs
Fly new chicKs and new kicks, Heine's and Beck's
Represent, represent!! (repeat 3X)
No doubt; see my, stacks are fat, this is what it's about
Before the BDP conflict with MC Shan
Around the time when Shante dissed the Real Roxxane
I used to wake up every mornin, see my crew on the block
Every day's a different plan that had us runnin from cops
If it wasn't hangin out in front of cocaine spots
We was at the candy factory, breakin the locks
Nowadays, I need the green in a flash just like the next man
Fuck a yard God, let me see a hundred grand
Could use a gun Son, but fuck bein the wanted man
but if I hit rock bottom then I'ma be the Son of Sam
Then call the crew to get live too
with Swoop, Hakim, my brother Jungle, Big Bo, cooks up the blow
Mike'll chop it, Mayo, you count the profit
My shit is on the streets, this way the Jakes'll never stop it
It's your brain on drugs, to all fly bitches and thugs
Nuff respect to the projects, I'm ghost, One Love
Represent y'all, represent!! (repeat 4X)One time for your motherfuckin mind
This goes out to everybody in New Yorkthat's livin the real fuckin life
And every projects, all overTo my man, Big Will he's still here *echoes*
The 40 side of VernonMy man Big L.E.S.Big Cee-Lo from the Don
Shawn Penn, the 40 bustersMy crew the shorty busters
The 41st side of Vernon posseThe GoodfellasMy man Cormega, Lakid Kid
Can't forget Drawers, the HillbilliesMy man Slate, WalletheadBlack Jay, Big Oogi
Crazy barrio spot (Big Dove)We rock shit, Ph.DAnd my man Primo, from GangStarr
(Ninety-four real shit y'all, Harry O!)Fuck y'all crab ass niggaz though...
(Yeah, bitch ass niggas! *etc.*)
(Ol Dirty Bastard)

What y'all thought y'all wasn't gon' see me?
I'm the Osirus of this shit
Wu-Tang is here forever - motherfuckers
It's like this ninety-seven
Aight my niggaz and my niggarettes
Let's do it like this
I'ma rub your ass in the moonshine
Let's take it back to seventy-nine

(Inspectah Deck)

I bomb atomically, Socrates' philosophies
And hypotheses can't define how I be droppin these
Mockeries, lyrically perform armed robbery
Flee with the lottery, possibly they spotted me
Battle-scarred shogun, explosion when my pen hits
Tremendous, ultra-violet shine blind forensics
I inspect view through the future see millenium
Killa Beez sold fifty gold sixty platinum
Shackling the masses with drastic rap tactics
Graphic displays melt the steel like blacksmiths
Black Wu jackets Queen Beez ease the guns in
Rumblein patrolmen tear gas laced the function
Heads by the score take flight incite a war
Chicks hit the floor, diehard fans demand more
Behold the bold soldier, control the globe slowly
Proceeds to blow swingin swords like Shinobi
Stomp grounds I pound footprints in solid rock
Wu got it locked, Performin live on you hottest block

(Method Man)

As the world turn, I spread like germs
Bless the globe with the pestilence, the hard-headed neverlearn
It's my testament to those burned
Play my position in the game of life standing firm
On foreign land, jump the gun out the frying pan, into the fire
Transform into the Ghostrider, or Six Pack
In a Streetcar named Desire, who got my back?
In the line of fire holding back, what?
My people if you with me where the fuck you at?
Niggaz is strapped, and they trying to twist my beer cap
It's court adjourned, for the bad seed from bad sperm
Herb got my wig fried like a bad perm, what the blood
Clot, we smoke pot, and blow spots
You wanna think twice, I think not
The Iron Lung ain't got ta tell you where it's comng from
Guns of Navarone, tearing up your battle zone
Rip through your slums

(Cappadonna)

I twist darts from the heart, tried and true
Loot my voice on the LP, my team is on to slang rocks
Certified chatterbox, vocabulary 'Donna talking
Tell your story walking
Take cover kid, what? Run for your brother, kid
Run for your team, and your six camp rhyme groupies
So I can squeeze with the advantage, and get wasted
My deadly notes reigns supreme
Your fort is basic compared to mine
Domino effect, arts and crafts
Paragraphs contail cyanide
Take a free ride on my thought, I got the fashion
Catalogues for all y'all to all praise to the Gods

(Ol Dirty Bastard)

The saga continues
Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang

(U-God)

Olympic torch flaming, we burn so sweet
The thrill of victory, the agony, defeat
We crush slow, flaming deluxe slow
For, judgement day cometh, conquer, it's war
Allow us to escape, hell glow spinning bomb
Pocket full of shells out the sky, Golden Arms
Tune spit the shit immortal combat sound
The fake false step make, the blood stain the ground
A jungle junkie, vigilante tantrum
A death kiss, cap off squeeze another anthem
Hold it for ransom, tranquilized with anesthetics
My orchestra, graceful, music ballerinas
My music Sicily, rich California smell
An axekiller adventure, paint a picture well
I sing a song from Sing-Sing, sippin on ginseng
Righteous wax chaperone, rotating ring king

(RZA)

Watch for the wooden soldiers, C-cypher punks couldn't hold us
A thousand men rushing in, not one nigga was sober
Perpendicular to the square, we stand bold like flare
Escape from your dragon's lair, in particular
My beats travel like a vortex, through your spine
To the top of your cerebral cortex
Make you feel like you bust a nut from raw sex
Enter through your right ventricle clog up your bloodstream
Or terminal, like Grand Central Station
Program fat baselines, on Novation
Getting drunk like a fuck I'm duckin five-year probation

(GZA)

War of the masses, the outcome, disaterous
Many of the victim family save they ashes
A million names on walls engraved in plaques
Those who went back, received penalties for their acts
Another heart is torn, as close ones gone
Those who stray, niggaz get slayed on the song

(Masta Killa)

The track renders helpless and suffers from multiple stabwounds
And leaks sounds that's heard
Ninety-three million miles away from came one
To represent the nation, this is a gathering
Of the masses that come to pay respects to the Wu-Tang Clan
As we engage in battle,
the crowd now screams in rage
The High Chief Jamel-Ah-Rief take the stage
Light is provided through sparks of energy
From the mind that travels in rhyme form
Giving sight to the blind
The dumb are mostly intrigued by the drum
Death only one can save shell from
This relentless attack of the track spares none

(Ghostface Killah)

Yo! Yo! Yo, fuck that, look at all these crab niggaz laid back
Lampin like them gray and black Puma's on my man's rack
Codeine was forced in your drink
You had a navy green salamander fiend, bitches never heard youscream
You two-faces, scum of the slum, I got your whole body numb
Blowing like Shalamar in eighty-one
Sound convincing, thousand dollar court by convention
Hands like Sonny Liston, get fly permission hold tha
Fuck up, Allah fasten your wig, bad luck
I humiliate, separate the English from the Dutch
It's me, Black Noble Drew Ali
Came in threes we like the Genovese
Is that so? Caesar needs the greens
It's Earth, ninety-three million miles from the first
Rough turbulence, the waveburst, split the megahertz

(Raekwon)

Aiyyo dat's amazing, gun in your mouth talk, verbal foul off
Connect thoughts to make my man Shai walk
Swift notarizer, Wu-Tang, all up in the high-riser
New York gank adviser world tranquilizer
Just the dosage, delegate my Clan with explosives
While, my pen blow lines ferocious
Mediterranean, see ya, the number one traffic
Sit down the beat God, then delegate the God to see God
The swift chancellor, flex, the white-gold tarantula
Track truck diesel, play the weed God, substatiala
Max mostly, undivided then slide it, it's sickening
Guaranteed, made em jump like Rod Strickland
{Dr. Dre} {First Verse}
Y'all know me, still the same ole G, but I been low key
Hated on by most these niggas with no cheese, no deals and no G's
No wheels and no keys, no boats, no snowmobiles, and no skis
Mad at me cause I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
Got a crib with a studio and it's all fulla tracks to add to the walls fulla plaques
Hanging up in the office and back of my house like trophies
Did y'all think I'ma let my doe freeze, hoe please, you betta bow down on both knees
Who you think taught you to smoke trees? Who you think brought you the Oldies?
Eazy-E's, Ice Cubes and D.O.C's,
The Snoop D-O double G's and the group that said mother fuck the police
Gave you a tape full dope beats to bump when you stroll through in ya hood
And when you albums sales wasn't doin' too good who's the Doctor they told you to go see?
Y'all better listen up closely, all you niggas that said that I'd turned pop
On the firm flop, y'all are the reason Dre ain't been gettin' no sleep
So fuck y'all, all of y'all
If y'all don't like me... Blow me
Y'all gone keep fuckin' around with me and turn me back to the old me

{Eminem} {Chorus} (2x)
Nowadays everybody wanna talk
Like they got somethin to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips,
Jus a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act, like they Forgot About Dre

{Second Verse}
So what do you say to some body you hate? (What)
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way?
Wanna resolve thing's in a bloodier way? (Yup)
Just study a tape of NWA
One day I was walkin by, with a walkman on, when I caught a guy
Givin me an awkward eye so I strangled him off at the parkin lot with his Karl Kani
I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not I'm harder than me tryna park a dodge
When I'm drunk as fuck right next to a humongous truck in a two car garage
Hoppin out with 2 broken legs tryna walk it off, fuck you too bitch, call the cops
I'ma kill you and them loud ass motherfuckin barkin dogs
And when the cops came through me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches and still weren't found out (Right here)
So from here goin out it's the Chronic Two, startin today and tomorrows the new
And I'm still loco enough to choke you to death wit a Charleston chew
chikka-chikka-chikka Slim Shady, hotter than a set of twin babies
In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up when the temp goes up to the mid 80's
Callin men ladies
Sorry doc but I been crazy
There's no way that you can save me
It's OK go with him Hailey (Da Da?)

{Chorus}(2x)

{Dr Dre} {Third Verse}
If it was up to me you motherfuckers would stop comin' up to me with ya hands out
Lookin' up to me, like you want somethin' free
When my last CD was out you wasn't bumpin' me
But now that I gots a lil company everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease
But you won't get a crumb from me cause I'm from the streets of Compton!
I told 'em all, all them lil gangsters who you think help mold 'em all?
Now you wanna run around talk about guns like I ain't got none
What you think I sold 'em all?
Cause I stay well off?
Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin Dre fell off?
What Cause I been in the lab with a pen n a pad tryna get this damn label off?
I ain't havin that
This is the millennium of Aftermath and ain't gonna be nothin after that
So gimmie one more platinum plaque and fuck rap, you can have it back
So wheres all the mad rappers at? It's like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats know that I was strapped with gats when you were cuddlin' a cabbage patch

{Eminem} {Chorus} x3
Verse One:
You wanna front, what?
Jump up and get bucked
If you're feeling lucky duck
Then press your luck
I snatch fake gangsta MC's and make em faggot flambe
Your nine spray, my mind spray
Malignant mist steadily pumps the funk
The results you're a gang stuffed in a car trunk
You couldn't come to the jungles of the East poppin that game
You won't survive get live catchin wreck is our thing
I don't gang bang or shoot out bang bang
The relentless lyrics the only dope I slang
I'm a true master you can check my credentials
'cause I choose to use my infinite potentials
Got a freaky, freaky, freaky-freaky flow
Control the mic like fidel castro locked cuba
So deep that you can scuba dive/my jive
Origin is unknown like the Jubas
I've accumulated honies all across the map
'cause I'd rather bust a nut then bust a cap in
Ya back in fact my rap snaps ya sacroilliac
I'm the mack so i don't need to tote a Mac
My attack is purely mental and its nature's not hate
It's meant to wake ya up out of ya brainwashed state
Stagnate nonsense but if you persist
You'll get ya snotbox bust you press up on this
I flip hoes dip none of the real niggas slip
You don't know enough math to count the mics that I ripped
Keep the Dirty Rotten Scoundrel as his verbal weapons spit
Verse Two:
Real rough and rugged, shine like a gold nugget
Every time i pick up the microphone i drug it
Unplug it on chumps with the gangsta babble
Leave your nines at home and bring your skills to the battle
You're rattlin' on and on and ain't sayin nothing
That's why you got snuffed when you bump heads with Dirty Rotten
Have you forgotten, i'll tap you [jaw]
I also kick like kung fu flicks by run run shaw
Made frauds bleed every time I g'd
'cause i've perfected my drunken style like sam seed
Pseudo psychos i play like Michael
Jackson when i'm bustin ass and breakin backs
Inhale the putrified aroma
Breathe too deep and you'll wind up coma-
tose the king i'm hard like a fifth of vodka
And bring your clique 'cause i'm a hard rock knocka
I gotcha, out on a limb i'm about to push you off the brink
Let you draw your craw but you burnin' shot breaks
When the East is in the house you should come equipped
Verse Three:
Fly like a jet sting like a hornet
Knuckleheads get live and set it off if you want it
Dirty rotten scoundrels is crushin fools no joke
With styles more fatal than second hand smoke
Don't provoke the wrath of this rhyme inventor
'cause I blow up spots like the world trade center
Come with the super trooper on his assault mission
The tech's technique 'cause he's a technician
Wishin he'll go away won't help the weapons stop
The skills are shot 'cause any idiot can let off a glock
Hard rock smellin the clutch of this untoucha
You claim you got beef on the streets so whatcha
Gonna do when real niggaz roll up on you
And you don't got your crew
Pull your glock but you don't got the heart
You was webbed straight from the start
Bought a tool and didn't learn how to use it
Got lost in Brooklyn so you had to lose it
Just for frontin you got that ass waxed
Intro

This speech is my recital, I think it's very vital
To rock (a rhyme), that's right (on time)
It's Tricky is the title, here we go...

It's Tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's Tricky...it's Tricky (Tricky) Tricky (Tricky)
It's Tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's Tricky...Tr-tr-tr-tricky (Tricky) Trrrrrrrrrrricky

Verse 1

I met this little girly, her hair was kinda curly
Went to her house and bust her out, I had to leave real early
These girls are really sleazy, all they just say is please me
Or spend some time and rock a rhyme, I said &amp;amp;quot;It's not that easy&amp;amp;quot;

It's Tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's Tricky...(How is it D?) It's Tricky (Tricky) Tricky (Trrrrrricky)
It's Tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's Tricky...Tricky (Tricky) Tricky

Verse 2

In New York the people talk and try to make us rhyme
They really (hope) but we just (walk) because we have no time
And in the city it's a pity cos we just can't hide
Tinted windows don't mean nothin', they know who's inside

It's Tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's Tricky...(How is it D?) Tricky (Tricky) Tricky (Tricky)
It's Tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's Tricky...Tricky (Tricky) Tricky (Tricky) huh!

Verse 3

When I wake up people take up mostly all of my time
I'm not singin', phone keep ringin' cos I make up a rhyme
I'm not braggin', people naggin' cos they think I'm a star
Always tearin' what I'm wearin', I think they're goin' too far
A girl named Carol follows Daryll every gig we play
Then D dissed her and dismissed her, now she's jockin' Jay
I ain't lyin', girls be cryin' cos I'm on TV
They even bother my poor father cos he's down with me

It's Tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's Tricky...(How is it?) Tricky (Tricky) Tricky (Tricky)
It's Tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time
It's Tricky...Tr-tr-tr-tr-tr-tricky (Tr-Tr-Tr-Tricky) Tr-tr-tr...

Verse 4

We are not thugs (we don't use drugs) but you assume (on your own)
They offer coke (and lots of dope) but we just leave it alone
It's like that y'all (y'all), but we don't quit
You keep on (rock!) shock! Cos this is it......
{Uh-huh, Uh-huh, Ba-by, Yah-yah, Uh-huh, Yah-yah, Ba-by, Uh-huh,
Uh-huh, Ba-by, Uh-huh, Yah-yah, Ba-by, Yah-yah, Uh-huh, Uh-huh}

{Chorus}
Ah ha hush dat fuss
Everybody move to da back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and sLump wit us
We da type of people make da club get crunk

{Chorus}

{BIG BOI}
Many a day has passed, the night has gone by
But still I find the time to put that bump off in your eye
Total chaos, for these playas, thought we was absent
We taking another route to represent the Dungeon family
Like Grade A, me and and my nigga decide to take the back way
We stabbin every city when we headed to that bat cave
A-T-L, Georgia, what we do for ya
Bull doggin hoes like them Georgetown Hoyas
Boy you soundin silly, thank my Brougham aint sittin pretty
Doin doughnuts round you suckas like them circles around titties DAMN we
We the committee gone burn it down
But us gone bust you in the mouth with the chorus now

{Chorus} x2

{ANDRE BENJAMIN}
I met a gypsy and she hipped me to some life game
To simulate then activate the left and right brain
Said baby boy you're only funky as your last cut
You focus on the past your ass'll be a has but
Thats one to live by or either that one to die to
I try to just throw it at you determine your own adventure
Andre, got to her station heres my destination
She got off the bus, the conversation lingered in my head for hours
Took a shower kinda sour cause my favorite group aint commin wit it
But im witcha you cause you problay goin through it anyway
But anyhow when in doubt, went on out and bought it
Cause I thought it would be jammin, but examine all the flawsky-wasky
Awfully sad and its costly but thats all shit
BROKE. And I hope I never have to float in that boat
Up shits creek its week is the last quote
That I want to hear when Im goin down when all's said and done
And we got a new joe in town
When the record playa get skippin and slowin down
All yawl can say is them niggas earned that crown, but until then..

{Chorus} x2
{Hermonicas}
(uhh huh uh huh baba yea yea) x10
Here we go yo, here we go yo So what so what so what's the
scenario Here we go yo, here we go yo So what so what so what's the scenario

Verse One: Phife Dawg

Aiyyo Bo knows this (what?) and Bo knows that (what?) But Bo don't know jack,
cause Bo can't rap Well whaddya know, the Di-Dawg, is first up to bat No
batteries included, and no strings attached No holds barred, no time for move
fakin Gots to get the loot so I can bring home the bacon Brothers front, they
say the Tribe can't flow But we've been known to do the impossible like Broadway
Joe so Sleep if you want, like we'll help you get your Z's troop But here's the
real scoop I'm all that and then some, short dark and handsome Bust a nut inside
your eye, to show you where I come from I'm vexed, fumin, I've had it up to here
My days of payin dues are over, acknowledge me as in there (YEAH) Head for the
border, go get a taco I'll be wreckin from the jump street, meaning from the
get-go Sit back relax and let yourself go Don't sweat what you heard, but act
like you know

Verse Two: Charlie Brown

Yes yes y'all (yes y'all!) who got the vibe it's the Tribe y'all (Tribe y'all!)
real live y'all (live y'all!) Inside outside come around... (who's that??)
Browwwwwwwwn Some may, I say, call me Charlie The word is the herb and I'm deep
like Bob Marley Layback on the payback, [evolve rotate the gates?] CONTACT! Can
I get a hit? (HIT!) Boom bip with a brother named Tip and we're ready to flip
East coast stompin, rippin and rompin New York, North Cak-a-laka, and Compton
Checka-checka-check it out! The loops for the troops, more bounce to the ounce
And wow how now wow how now Brown cow We're ill till the skill gets down For the
flex, next, it's the textbook old to the new but the rest are doo-doo From
radio, to the video, to Arsenio Tell me! Yo, what's the scenario

Verse Three: Dinco D

(True blue!) Scooby Doo, whoopie doo Scenario's ready yo, rates more than four
Scores for the snores that's lovin dancefloors Now I go for mine, [shades of G
sure?] Ship-shape plus Grape Apes to play tapes Papes make grapes great for the
waist I'm an L-AH, an E-ADER, simply just a leader Bass in his face means peace
see ya later Later? (LATER!) Later alligator Pop blows the weasel and my Earth
the inflater So yo the D what the O, incorporated I-N-C into a flow Funk flipped
flat back first this foul fight fight fight Laugh yo how's that sound (ohhhhhh!)

Verse Four: Q-Tip, Busta Rhymes

It's the leader Quest vision and we got the goods here (here!) Never on the left
cause my right's my good ear (ear!) I could give a damn about a ill subliminal
Stay away from crime cause I ain't no CRIMINAL I love my young nation, groovy
sensation No time for hibernation, only elation Don't ever try to test, yo
whattup little kid? Yo Mr. Busta Rhymes, tell him what I did

I heard you rushed and rushed, AND ATTACKED Then baby puked then you had TO
SMACK Causin rambunction, throughout the sphere Raise the levels of the boom,
inside the ear

You know I did it So don't violate or you get violated The hip-hop sound is well
agitated Won't ever waste no time on the played out ego So here's Busta Rhymes
with the, Scenario

Verse Five: Busta Rhymes

Watch, as I combine all the juice from the mind Heel up, reel up, bring it back,
come rewind Powerful impact BOOM! from the cannon Not braggin, try to read my
mind just imagine Vo-cab-u-lary's necessary When diggin into my library Oh my
gosh! Oh my gosh! Eating ayea toadstool like the one Peter Tosh-a Uh, uh uhh,
alone with the track man Uh, pardon me, uhh, as I come back As I did it yo I
heard you beg your pardon When I travel to the Sun I roll with the squadron
RRRRRROAW RRRRRRROAW like a dungeon dragon Change your little drawers cause your
pants are saggin Try to step to this, I will, fits you in a turban And had you
smellin right, like some old stale urine Checkady-choco, the chocolate chicken
The rear cock diesel, for chicks they were kickin Yo, bustin out before the
Busta bust a nut the rhyme the rhythm is in sync (UHH!) the rhymes are on time
(TIME!) Rippin up this dance just like a radio Observe the vibe and check out
the scenario!! *chorus starts* Yeah, my man mother******!

Chorus
Daydream (daydream)
I fell asleep beneath the flowers (I fell asleep beneath the flowers)
For a couple of hours (For a couple of hours)
On a beautiful day (On a beautiful day)
Daydream (daydream)
I dream of you amid the flowers (I dream of you amid the flowers)
For a couple of hours (For a couple of hours)
Such a beautiful day (Such a beautiful....Daaaaay)

As a spy from behind my giant robot's eyes
I keep him happy cause I might fall out if he cries
Scared of heights so I might pass out if he flies
Keep him on auto-pilot cause I can't drive
Room enough for one I tell my homies, they can't ride
Unless they sittin' on the shoulders, but that's way too high
The news cameras filmin'
Let's walk in project buildin'
Now there's hoes sellin' hoes like right around the toes
And the crackheads beg at about the lower leg
There's crooked police thats stationed at the knees
And they do drive-bys like up and down the thighs
And there's a car chase goin' on at the waist
I keep a vest on my chest
I'm sittin' in my room as I'm lookin' out the face
Something to write about
I still got some damage from fightin' the White House
Just a...

Daydream (daydream)
I fell asleep beneath the flowers (I fell asleep beneath the flowers)
For a couple of hours (For a couple of hours)
On a beautiful day (On a beautiful day)
Daydream (daydream)
I dream of you amid the flowers (I dream of you amid the flowers)
For a couple of hours (For a couple of hours)
Such a beautiful day (Such a beautiful....Daaaaay)

Now come on everybody, let's make cocaine cool
We need a few more half up in the pool
And all this MAC-10 is all covered in jewels
And can you please put your diddy's closer to the 22's?
And where's the champagne? We need champagne!
Now look as hard as you can with this blun in your hand
And now hold up the chain, slow-motion through the flames
Now cue the smoke machines and the simulated rain
But not too loud cause the baby's sleepin'
I wonder if he knows what the world is keepin'
Up both sleeves while he lay there dreamin'
Me and my robot tip-toe 'round creepin'
I had to turn my back on what got you paid
I couldn't see, had the hood on me like Abu Graib
But I'd like to thank the streets that drove me crazy
And all the televisions out there that breaks me
I was ...

Daydream (daydream)
I fell asleep beneath the flowers (I fell asleep beneath the flowers)
For a couple of hours (For a couple of hours)
On a beautiful day (On a beautiful day)
Daydream (daydream)
I dream of you amid the flowers (I dream of you amid the flowers)
For a couple of hours (For a couple of hours)
Such a beautiful day (Such a beautiful....Daaaaay)
(Chorus)
Me and my homies we tighter than a glove
Chop a lot of game is how we do it at the Playaz Club
Check the fool or kick it in the tub
Cuz we kick much ass at the Playaz Club
I got a hoe named Real de Real
She got a buddy named SP-12 now you know the deal
We getz freaky in the studio late night
That's why the beats that you hear are comin real tight
Somethin to roll to somethin to stroll to
If you's a playa in the game this will hold you
Mo money mo money for the bank roll
Stick to the script don't slip in the nine-fo
A lot of fools put salt in the game
Till these women get the notion that they runnin the game huh
I run my own and I'm my own self person
No respect make the situation worse then
Fillmoe, H.P., and Sunnydale
There's a playaz club everywhere you dwell
Lakeview, P.H., and Army Street
A different part of town a different kind of freak
I just wiggle my toes on a mink rug
And press play on the remote at the playaz club

(chorus)
(more champagne, Mr. Forte?)

From day one I had to get my money right
Me, Fly, and Franky J we took a airplane flight huh
They wanted to hear a rap I said alright bet
We dropped the beat and grabbed the mic then they wrote
a check
A few G's for the pocket no hesitation
Took a flight back to the Golden State and
Shops made orders from a whole new capital
Words out 4-Tay's out rappable
Don't need a Glock but I bought one just in case
Suckas try to stop me from pursuin my paper chase
Cuz the chase is on because it don't stop
I got the beat and got the rap you make the Glock pop
So treacherous suckas couldn't sweat this on a bad day
By the way just in case you never heard
Rappin 4-Tay I'm on the smooth tip
Never trippin off them suckas poppin off at the lip
I pop the top off the drank and we can roll some dank bro

Leave the gat at the house bring some dominoes
Take off your shoes relax and get a body rub
And shoot your mackin at these women at the playaz club

(chorus)

You can't resist it but don't get it twisted
V.I.P. that means the number's not listed
Membership is based on clout and how you carry yourself
Now homie what you all about?
I stack paper and kick it with the O.G's
Some got a nine-to-five some drink a lot of keys
You can learn a whole lot from a playa
Some of these playas make a damn good rhyme sayer
A lot of people get a misconception
And start driftin in the wrong direction
Miss goody two sure see you later
I ain't got time you ain't nuthin but a playa hater
I'd rather kick it with the crew in Arizona
They chop game like we do in California
Another show another flow a new bank account
But cash money comes in large amounts
So get your membership but never slip to lame fast
Or else us and fly will have to tap that ass
And drop you to the ground and make your knees scrub
It's just an everyday thang at the playaz club

(chorus)

Me and my homies we tighter than a glove
Chop a lot of game is how we do it at the playaz club
Check the fool or kick it in the tub
Cuz we kick much ass at the Sucka Free club


(4-Tay talking)
Yeah I'd like to send this shout out
to all the playaz club throughout the world
I know they got a Playaz club out there in Chicago
(Fly)
What about that one they got out there in Philly, Fo?
(4-Tay)
You know they got one out there in Atlanta the way they by choppin

(Fly)

Shit, Detroit, New York, Texas
(4-Tay)
Yeah but we gonna move on down to these
playaz clubs close to home like
Seattle, L.A., Bakersfield, San Diego
(Fly)
P.A., V-Town, Richmond, Sacramento
(4-Tay)
Yeah but a special shot goes out to the
playaz club right across the water in the Biggity Piggity O

(Fly)

Yeah and last but definitely not least yeah them
playa clubs they got right there in the
San Francisco mothafuckin bay yeah
Where your playaz club at Fo?
(4-Tay)
My playaz club right in the heart of Fillmoe
(Fly)
Uh, I feel you boy!
(4-Tay)
Where yours at fly?
(Fly)
Man on the corner of Third and Newcomb right in the heart of H.P.!
Huh!
(4-Tay)
This is for all you playaz out there mane we out at the playaz club
(Don't break the heart that loves you so)

Don't break the heart that loves you
Handle it with care
Don't break the heart that needs you
Darlin', please be fair
Why do you flirt and constantly hurt me
Why do you treat our love so carelessly?

You know I'm jealous of you
And yet you seem to try
To go out of your way to be unkind
Sweetheart, I'm begging of you
Don't break this heart that loves you
Don't break this heart of mine

SPOKEN
Darling, please don't hurt me
Please, don't make me cry
I don't know what I'd do
if you'd ever say goodbye
Remember I love you so much
And love's life's greatest joy
Please don't break my heart
Like a child breaks a little toy

Sweetheart, I'm begging of you
Don't break this heart that loves you
Don't break this heart of mine

(Don't break this heart)
Yeah it would be cool it could be too
Stop Running round in circles off of what we fuel
Living a lie eventually believing it's true
A lot of people here for us one could be you
It's outrageous and they just ain't nothing
But save us an ocean of brown fists in various flavors
A favor for a favor man, this is the majors
Tell me what you would do with no phone or pagers
No Kinko's, no Fed Ex and no ATM's
What you gone do when the poliece state vegin
Well it already began but I guess it depends on what's really going on
what's happening, huh
Military target practicing
They finna write another patriot act again
The days is short the nights is long
The fight goes on
The pistol and the pipes are drawn

[Hook:]
The middle of the night
We fight like barbarians
In sight of the former might
You might think that it's a waste
Of our time
And I think you would be right
Till he drop that rhyme
[Repeat]

And some might say that it's a waste of time
Cause ain't no amount of dancing finna break the bondage
We go to war and transcend space and time
When every record ain't a record just to shake behinds
You know the stakes is high we in the face of drama
That's why we can't shake it or escape the problem
Its like a game of roulette the barrel revolving
They only wanna see us occupying a coffin
Mothers crying too often from they lost child leaving
From trying to get over, get under, get even
Get inside getting, getting dumped, getting greedy
We got to get it right
It ain't about to be easy
You better pull you goggles up, it's about to get greasy
Believe it's on as long as we can still speak freely
Pages of my life would make it hard to read me
I know my people hearing me, holler it you hear me

[Repeat Hook]
Chorus: repeat 2X

How many brothas fell victim to tha streetz
Rest in peace young nigga, there's a Heaven for a 'G'
be a lie, If I told ya that I never thought of death
my niggas, we tha last ones left
but life goes on.....

Verse One:

As I bail through tha empty halls
breath stinkin'
in my draws
ring, ring, ring
quiet y'all
incoming call
plus this my homie from high school
he's getting bye
It's time to bury another brotha nobody cry
life as a baller
alchol and booty calls
we usta do them as adolecents
do you recall?
raised as G's
loc'ed out and blazed the weed
get on tha roof
let's get smoked out
and blaze with me
2 in tha morning
and we still high assed out
screamin' 'thug till I die'
before I passed out
but now that your gone
i'm in tha zone
thinkin'
'I don't wanna die all alone'
but now ya gone
and all I got left are stinkin' memories
I love them niggas to death
i'm drinkin' Hennessy
while tryin' ta make it last
I drank a 5th for that ass
when you passed....
cause life goes on

Chorus

Verse Two:

Yeah nigga
I got tha word as hell
blew trial and tha judge gave you
25 with an L
time to prepare to do fed time
won't see parole
imagine life as a convict
that's getten' old
plus with tha drama
we're lookin out for your babies mama
taken risks, while keepin' cheap tricks from beatin on her...
life in tha hood...
is all good for nobody
remember gamin' on dumb hotties at your party
Me and you
No true a two
while scheming on hits
and gettin tricks
that maybe we can slide into
but now you burried
rest nigga
cause I ain't worried
eyes blurry
sayin' goodbye at the cemetary
tho' memories fade
I got your name tated on my arm
so we both ball 'til my dying days
before I say goodbye
Kado
Feat. Nas, T-Boz
[Nas]
Circumstances are like my first fight I lost
It was swinging, my arms bugging, adrenaline pumping
Oh shit, this little nigga's thugging
I mean, I was thirteen
I was nursing a knot on my face
But chose another time and a place
That I would avenge my last fight cuz the same shit
Ain't gonna happen that just happened last night
Knuckle-game changed quicker than lighting
Hit 'em or slice 'em
Either stick 'em or blast pipes, its the fastlife
I tried to give another nigga advice, shoot dice
Do plenty of shit cuz this life, how many you get?
How many niggas do you know get two?
Besides a nigga who snitch to skip a life-bid
Be one in your crew
I don't respect killas, I respect those with knowledge
Codes of the streets got new rules, but no guidance
Lessons, catch your mental to a young disciple
Focus, take care of your brothers, niggas do as I do
Keep your enemies close, where they can see you
It not your enemy who get you
It's always your own people
It's always your own people
It's always your own people
It's always your own people
It's always your own people

[T-Boz]
Mass confusion, in my head
Killing me, driving me mad
I be wondering, can I trust my friends?
Cuz they stab me in my back everytime they can?
Am I paranoid? and if that's the case
Is it curable? Can you help me find my place?
I can't handle this, I'm losing it
With the loose grip I'm hanging on to emptiness
help your brother, save him from the
Evil demons, in between us, came between us

[Scarface]
I know you hate me, don't you
I bet you sitting, wishing my time never came
You probably rather see me die in the game
You probably rather see me die in a plane
Well ya'll see me up on top of my dough
I get my money shit changed
And niggers start looking at me different than this
I'm down to play the real nigger shit to get with a bitch
But I'ma tell a motherfucker like this
You going good is what you come up against
Nigger you get what you get
So the grass is greener on the other side of the fence
But any attempts and you gonna need the guy in the trench
I'ma starter while you riding the bench
You saying you a player, weel I'm the one designing your prints
Something to go by, to let these niggers know I
Don't believe in letting shit slid, nigger gonna die
Best friends since high school seniors
The homeboy demeanor, but let the bullshit come between us

[T-Boz]
Mass confusion, in my head
Killing me, driving me mad
I be wondering, can I trust my friends?
cuz they stab me in my back everytime they can?
Am I paranoid? and if that's the case
Is it curable? Can you help me find my place?
I can't handle this, I'm losing it
With the loose grip I'm hanging on to emptiness
Help your brother, save him from the
Evil demons, in between us, came between us
I was a fiend before I became a teen
I melted microphone instead of cones of ice cream
Music orientated so when hip-hop was originated
Fitted like pieces of puzzles, complicated
'Cause I grabbed the mic and try to say, &amp;amp;quot; Yes y'all!&amp;amp;quot;
They tried to take it, and say that I'm too small
Cool, 'Cause I don't get upset
I kick a hole in the speaker, pull the plug, then I jet
Back to the lab ...without a mic to grab
So then I add all the rhymes I had
One after the other one, then I make another one
To dis the opposite then ask if the brother's done
I get a craving like I fiend for nicotine
But I don't need a cigarette, know what I mean?
I'm raging, ripping up the stage and
Don't it sound amazing 'cause every rhyme is made and
Thought of, Cuz it's sort of...an addiction,
Magnatized by the mixing
Vocals, vocabulary, your verses, you're stuck in
The mic is a drano, volcanoes erupting,
Rhymes overflowing, gradually growing
Everything is written in the cold, so it can coin-
cide, my thoughts to guide,
48 tracks to slide
The invincible, microphone fiend Rakim
Spread the word, 'cause I'm in
E-F-F-E-C-T
A smooth operator operating correctly,
But back to the problem, I gotta habit,
You can't solve it, silly rabbit
The prescription is a hypertone that's thorough when
I fiend for a microphone like herion
Soon as the bass kicks, I need a fix
Gimme a stage and a mic and a mix
And I'll put you in a mood or is it a state of
unawareness? Beware, it's the reanamator!
A menace to a microphone, a lethal weapon
An assasinator, if the people ain't stepping
You see a part of me that you never seen
When I'm fiending for a microphone, I'm the microphone fiend...

(Verse 2:)
After 12, I'm worse that a Gremlin
Feed me Hip-hop and I start trembling
The thrill of suspense is intense, your horrified
But this ain't the cinemas of &amp;amp;quot;Tales From the Darkside&amp;amp;quot;,
By any means neccesary, this is what has to be done
Make way 'cause here I come....
My DJ cuts material....
Grand imperial.
It's a must that I bust any mic you're hand to me,
It's inherited, it's runs in the family
I wrote the rhyme that broke the bull's back,
If that don't slow 'em up, I carry a full pack.
Now I don't want to have to let off, you should of kept off
You didn't keep the stage warm, step off!
Ladies and Gentleman, You're about to see
A pasttime hobby about to be
Take it to the maximum, I can't relax see, I'm
Hype as a hyperchrondriac 'cause the rap be one-
Hell of a antidote, something you can't smoke
More than dope, you're trying to move away but you can't, you're broke
More than cracked up, you should have backed up
For those who act up need to be more than smacked up
Any entertainer, I got a torture chamber
One on one and I'm the remainder!
So close your eyes and hold your breath,
And I'm a hit'cha wit the blow of death
Before you go, you'll remember you seen
The fiend of a microphone, I'm the microphone fiend

The microphone fiend...
BONE THUGS-N-HARMONY

[Birds singing. Snoring. Rooster crowing. Alarm clock.]

Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up. YOU DA FIRST AT THE PUBKrayzie:
Hey, my niggas, we havin' a wonderful day, and I won't front with ya. Why? 'Cause it's the first of the month. And now I be smokin', chokin', rollin' blunts, and sippin' on forty ounces, thuggin', come, come, we got the blunts and rum. From jumpin' all night, we high. Hit up the block to where? East 99. I get with my nigga to get me some ye-yo. Double up, nigga, what you need? We got weed to get P.O.D.'ded. Fiend for the green leaves. Give it up, it's the first for sure. Better lay low, 'cause the po-po creep when they roll, so [oh, no] break. If you can't get away, better toss that ye-yo, keep your bankroll. Yeah, we havin' a celebration. Love to stay high, and ya better believe when it's time to grind, I'm down for mine, crime after crime. Fin to creep to the pad 'cause mom's got the grub on the grill. If we got the food(ooh), you know it's the first of the month, and my nigga, we chills for real.

Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, it's the first of the month,
so get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, cash your checks and come on.

Bizzy:
Wake up, and I see that my sister was already dressed. She said, &amp;amp;quot;I'm gonna run and go get my stamps. Watch and make sure no one snatches my check.&amp;amp;quot; Nigga, that's the mailman. Sort through the mail, and put it up in-a me pocket. Then I be hittin' the ninety-nine to get me a dub for forty duckets. But ain't no bucket, ride that RiTA, hop on the ten to the Clair, ready to get 'em up with-a me thugs, and I cash that dub. Man, I gotta get there. Playa-playa, holla, holla, St.Clair got much to offer, whether it be weed on 93 or off on the Glock-glock for some dollars, so get a bag of dope and a quarter roll, oh. Most all of my niggas got the same, and we gonna roll it all up to smoke it. Hittin' that reefer, hydro. Been known to cut, so fuck them po-po. Toss all that ye-yo,with a bone and say ho. Runnin' through the alley,(and into the malley) , hop on the second to sundown. Nose run from January,November, December, I'm lovin' the first of the month.

Wake up, wake up, wake up,wake up,wake up, it's the first of the month,
so get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, cash your checks and come on.

Wish:
It's the first of the month. Gotta grind, gotta get mine in the hood that I claim, and I slang on the double nine. Now to find them dubs, gonna get a forty. Can a thug get love? What's up? Try to slang on my corner, nigga, you's a goner. St. Clair niggas don't like that. And sellin' them dummies, makin' that money, come back, nigga, get pap pap. From the first to the fifteenth niggas smoke plenty weed, but I gotta save, gotta come up. Put my rocks in the cut. When I get high, nigga, blaze that blunt. Time to roll to the pad, count out my profits, and add it to the stash. Gotta watch my back, see, for niggas that's tryin' to rob me, fool, but never no shorts or no losses, dumpin', keepin' these niggas up off me. See, the whole block, spend a couple bills, thugs smoke a lot of weed on the first [the first].

Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, it's the first of the month,
to get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, so cash your checks and come on.

Layzie:
Wakin' up feelin' buzzed off early in the morning, stretchin', I'm yawnin', lightweight bent, chug-a-lug-a, take a fifth to the dome, 'cause then I can kick it with my trues. But it is the first, so I'm gettin' me hustle on. Hop on the phone, callin' up Krayzie Bone, &amp;amp;quot;Wanna know, did you're O.G. check come?&amp;amp;quot;
[Krayzie: &amp;amp;quot;She put me down.&amp;amp;quot;]
&amp;amp;quot;I'm a hop on the bus with Biz.&amp;amp;quot;
[Krayzie: &amp;amp;quot;You know, let's get drunk.&amp;amp;quot;]
And I'm comin' with blunt after blunt of this skunk--nigga, T, just put me down. Oh, God, how I love when the first come around, now, me freakin' me black and milds. Head across town, 'cause nigga the first get celebrated. Rushin' to the block, 'cause I wanna get faded. Lookin' all wild, 'cause I'm need me hair braided. We heavy off into this game. True to the first, just call me that pro slang: them nickels and dimes, the twenties, the fifties. The first be the day for the dopeman slangin' that cocaine, fool, and I'm workin' late tonight. And all them fiends be lovin' them thugs, 'cause I got them rocks for them pipes. Come, come up with them ends. I gotta get paid on the first, gotta blaze up me spliff. You're live with the Bone thugs, Poetic Hustla'z, and the Graveyard Shift on the first.

Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, it's the first of the month,
to get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, so cash your checks and come on.
This place is a bloodbath
And won't be taken alive
We stand alone
Under fictitious skies

You were always my enemy and carefully crafted my demise *2x*
Our hearts beat strong under fictitious skies
You were always my enemy, suck the life out of me
Your words are deadly weapons
Killing me, destroying me
Your words are deadly weapons
Scatter my brains across the wall

You were my compass
Leading me to nowhere fast
Promises were lonely roads
I followed you down like a map

You were always my enemy and carefully crafted my demise *2x*
Our hearts beat strong under fictitious skies
You were always my enemy, suck the life out of me
Your words are deadly weapons
Killing me, destroying me
Your words are deadly weapons
Scatter my brains across the wall

Fuck you
Secrets don't make friends *3x*
Secrets don't make...

Your words are deadly weapons
Killing me, destroying me

*2x*
Your words are deadly weapons
Killing me, destroying me
Your words are deadly weapons
Scatter my brains across the wall

Secrets don't make friends
Rain keeps on falling
Sun refuse to shine
Baby quit your stalling
And say that you are mine

'Cos I've got so many troubles
Oh, I feel like I could cry
Going down in the subway
Jump on the train-tracks and die

Down in the subway
I hide these tears of mine
Down in the subway
I'm gonna cry, cry, cry 'til the end of the line

Cold-hearted baby
You're too mean to smile
Every day is stormy
Oh, you're my evil child

I've got so many troubles
Oh, I feel like I could cry
Going down in the subway
Jump on that train-track and die

Red-blooded baby
You're too tough for me
Well I don't mean maybe
Oh why don't you let me be

'Cos I got so many troubles
Whoa I feel like I could cry
Going down in the subway
Jump on that train-track and die

Jump on that train-track and die

Jump on that train-track and die

Going down in the subway
Jump on that train-track and die

Jump on that train-track and die
Just like music..

Uh-huh, aiyyo yo, uh-huh yeah yeah, uh uh uh
There's no doubt, no doubt, no doubt, uh
Worrdd up..

Ahhh babyyy..
Just like music..

To relax my mind, so I can be free
And ab-sorb sound that keep me 'round
Doin my thang, constantly with no worries
Peace to Keith Murray.. ("just like music")
To keep me flowin and keep me goin
and keep me growin, and keep me the E from knowin
What happens out there, is not my concern
You wanna die it's not my turn ("just like music")
To do somethin to me like jump in the Mercedes
On the highway, doin over eighty
Without music baby.. ("Oww! I'll go crazy.. just like music")
Make me call my homey on the phone
Like there's somethin new out, that got me in the zone
Just that feelin, got me
I wish music can adopt me ("just like music")

[Chorus: Marvin Gaye]
Turn on some music, I got my music
Turn on some music, I got my music
Turn on some music, I got my music
Turn on some music, I got my music - just like music

Put me in the mood with my woman
Got me in the ear, sayin sweet nothings
Make love come out the mouth, no frontin
Like all of a sudden, ("just like music")
Takin away your worries and cares
Any problems, music'll be right there
Together match yo, we a perfect pair
Is that true Marvin? ("Yeahhhhh! Music")
Yo, to get you to bang this
Body soul-snatcher, universal language
It be the light, so open up
This is it, what the fuck? ("just like music")
One fly tune
That have black and white vibe in one room
No confrontation, parlay all night
It's just the sensation ("just like music")

[Chorus]

[Marvin Gaye]
Music is the soul of the man
Music makes a, happy day
Music makes a, cloud flow by baby
Your music is my tears in-side my eyes (just like music)
Your music makes me want to sing
Girl music, is a joy to bring (just like music)
Music is my heart and soul, more precious than gold
(Turn on some music, I got my music)
Happiness for days, justice all the way
(Turn on some music, I got my music)
I love your music baby (I got my music)
(Turn on some music, I got my music - just like music)
Hey (la-da-da-da-daaaa-dah-dah-dahh) doo-doo, doo-doo-doo
Turn on some music (la-da-da-da-daaaa) turn on some music
Just like music (la-da-da-da-daaaa-dah-dah-dahh) doo-doo, doo-doo-doo
Turn on some music (la-da-da-da-daaaa) turn on some music
Just like music (la-da-da-da-daaaa-dah-dah-dahh) doo-doo, doo-doo-doo
Turn on some music (la-da-da-da-daaaa) turn on some music
Just like music..

{*fades out*}
Drea-ea-ea-ea-eam, dream, dream, dream
Drea-ea-ea-ea-eam, dream, dream, dream
When I want you in my arms
When I want you and all your charms
Whenever I want you, all I have to do is
Drea-ea-ea-ea-eam, dream, dream, dream

When I feel blue in the night
And I need you to hold me tight
Whenever I want you, all I have to do is
Drea-ea-ea-ea-eam

I can make you mine, taste your lips of wine
Anytime night or day
Only trouble is, gee whiz
Im dreamin my life away

I need you so that I could die
I love you so and that is why
Whenever I want you, all I have to do is
Drea-ea-ea-ea-eam, dream, dream, dream
Drea-ea-ea-ea-eam

I can make you mine, taste your lips of wine
Anytime night or day
Only trouble is, gee whiz
Im dreamin my life away

I need you so that I could die
I love you so and that is why
Whenever I want you, all I have to do is
Drea-ea-ea-ea-eam, dream, dream, dream
Drea-ea-ea-ea-eam, dream, dream, dream

FADE
Drea-ea-ea-ea-eam, dream, dream, dream
[Verse 1]
I once knew a nigga whose real name was William
his primary concern was making a million
being the illest hustler that the world ever seen
he used to fuck moviestars and sniff coke in his dreams
a corrupted young mind at the age of thirteen
nigga never had a father and his mom was a fiend
she put the pipe down, but for every year she was sober
her son's heart simultaneously grew colder
he started hanging out selling bags in the projects
checking the young chicks, looking for hit and run prospects
he was fascinated by material objects
but he understood money never bought respect
he built a reputation cause he could hustle and steal
but got locked once, and didn't hesitate to squeal
so criminals he chilled with didn't think he was real
you see me and niggaz like this have never been equal
I dont project my insecurities at other people
he fiended for props like addicts with pipes and needles
so he felt he had to prove to everyone he was evil
a feeble minded young man with infinite potetial
the product of a ghetto breed capatalistic mental
coincidentally dropped out of school to sell weed
dancing with the devil, smoked until his eyes would bleed
but he was sick of selling trees and gave in to his greed

[Hook]
Everyone trying to be trife never face the consequences
you probably only did a month for minor offenses
ask a nigga doing life if he had another chance
but then again there's always the wicked that knew in advance
dance forever with the devil on a cold cell block
but thats what happens when you rape, murder and sell rock
devils used to be gods, angels that fell from the top
there's no diversity because we're burning in the melting pot

[Verse 2]
So Billy started robbing niggaz, anything he could do
he'd get his respect back, in the eyes of his crew
starting fights over little shit, up on the block
stepped up to selling mothers and brothers the crack rock
working overtime for making money for the crack spot
hit the jackpot and wanted to move up to cocaine
fulfilling the scarface fantasy stuck in his brain
tired of the block niggaz treating him the same
he wanted to be major like the cut throats and the thugs
but when he tried to step to 'em, niggaz showed him no love
they told him any motherfucking coward can sell drugs
any bitch nigga with a gun can bust slugs
any nigga with a red shirt can front like a blood
even Puffy smoked a motherfucker up in a club
but only a real thug can stab someone till they die
standing in front of them, staring straight into their eyes
Billy realized that these men were well guarded
and they wanted to test him, before business started
suggested raping a bitch to prove he was cold hearted
so now he had a choice between going back to his life
or making money with made men, up in the cife
his dreams about cars and ice, made him agree
a hardcore nigga is all he ever wanted to be
and so he met them friday night at a quarter to three

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
They drove around the projects slow while it was raining
smoking blunts, drinking and joking for entertainment
until they saw a woman on the street walking alone
three in the morning, coming back from work, on her way home
and so they quietly got out the car and followed her
walking through the projects, the darkness swallowed her
they wrapped her shirt around her head and knocked her onto the floor
this is it kid now you got your chance to be raw
so Billy yoked her up and grabbed the chick by the hair
and dragged her into a lobby that had nobody there
she struggled hard but they forced her to go up the stairs
they got to the roof and then held her down on the ground
screaming 'shut the fuck up' and 'stop moving around'
the shirt covered her face, but she screamed to the clouds
so Billy stomped on the bitch, until he'd broken her jaw
the dirty bastards knew exactly what they were doing
they kicked her until they cracked her ribs and she stopped moving
blood leaking through the cloth, she cried silently
and then they all proceeded to rape her violently
Billy was meant to go first, but each of them took a turn
ripping her up, and choking her until her throat burned
a broken jaw mumbled for god but they weren't concerned
when they were done and she was lying bloody, broken and bruised
one of them niggaz pulled out a brand new twenty-two
they told him that she was a witness of what she'd gone through
and if he killed her he was guaranteed a spot in the crew
he thought about it for a minute, she was practically dead
and so he leaned over and put the gun right to her head

(Sample from "Survival of the Fittest" by Mobb Deep)
I'm falling and I can't turn back
I'm falling and I can't turn back

[Verse 4]
Right before he pulled the trigger, and ended her life
he thought about the cocaine with the platinum and ice
and he felt strong standing along with his new brothers
cocked the gat to her head, and pulled back the shirt cover
but what he saw made him start to cringe and stutter
cause he was staring into the eyes of his own mother
she looked back at him and cried, cause he had forsaken her
she cried more painfully than when they were raping her
his whole world stopped, he couldn't even contemplate
his corruption had succesfully changed his fate
and he remembered how his mom used to come home late
working hard for nothing, cause now what was he worth
he turned away from the woman that had once given him birth
and crying out to the sky cause he was lonely and scared
but only the devil responded, cause god wasn't there
and right then he knew what it was to be empty and cold
and so he jumped off the roof and died with no soul
they say death takes you to a better place, but I doubt it
after that they killed his mother, and never spoke about it
and listen cause the story that I'm telling is true
cause I was there with Billy Jacobs and I raped his mom too
and now the devil follows me everywhere that I go
in fact, I'm sure he's standing among one of you at my shows
and every street cypher listening to little thugs flow
he could be standing right next to you, and you wouldn't know
the devil grows inside the hearts of the selfish and wicked
white, brown, yellow and black, color is not restricted
you have a self destructive destiny when you're inflicted
and you'll be one of god's children and fall from the top
there's no diversity because we're burning in the melting pot

so when the devil wants to dance with you, you better say never
because the dance with the devil might last you forever
Right...

Check me out y'all, Nasty Nas in your area
About to cause mass hysteria

Before a blunt, I take out my fronts
Then I start to front, matter of fact, I be on a manhunt
You couldn't catch me in the streets without a ton of reefer
That's like Malcom X catching the Jungle Fever
King poetic, too much flava, I'm major
Atlanta and braver, I pull a number like a pager
Cuz I'm am ace when I face the bass
40 side is the place that is giving me grace
Now wait, another dose and you might be dead
And I'm a Nike head, I wear chains that excite the feds
And ain't a damn thing gonna change
I'm a performer strange, so the mic warmer was born to gain
Nas, why did you do it
You know you got the mad fat fluid when you rhyme, it's halftime

Right...
It's halftime...

It's like that, you know it's like that
I got it hemmed, now you never get the mic back
When I attack, there ain't an army that could strike back
So I react never calmly on a hype track
I set it off wit my own rhyme
Cuz I'm as ill as a convict who kills for phone time
I'm max like cassettes, I flex like sex
In ya, stereo sets, Nas will catch wreck
I used to hustle, now all I do is relax and strive
When I was young, I was a fan of the Jackson 5
I drop jewels, wear jewels, hope to never run it
Wit more kicks than a baby in a mother's stomach
Nasty Nas has to rise, cause i'm wise
This is exercise til the microphone dies
Back in '83, I was an MC sparking
But I was too scared to grab the mic's in the park and
Kick my little raps cuz I thought niggaz wouldn't understand
And now in every jam I'm the fucking man
I rap in front of more niggaz than in the slave ships
I used to watch C.H.I.P.S, now I load glock clips
I got to have it, I miss Mr Magic
Versatile, my style switches like a faggot
But not a bisexual, I'm an intellectual
Of rap, I'm a professional and that's no question, yo
These are the lyrics of the man, you can't near it, understand
Cuz in the streets, I'm well known like the number man
Am I in place wit the bass and format?
Explore rap and tell me Nas ain't all that
And next time I rhyme, I be foul whenever I freestyle
I see trial niggaz say I'm wow
I hate a rhymebiter's rhyme
Stay tuned, Nas, soon the real rap comes at halftime

Right...
It's halftime

I got it going on, even flip 'em on this song
Every afternoon, I kick half the tune
And in the darkness, I'm heartless like when the narcs hit
Word to marcus Garvey or heartless Sparkton
Cuz when I blast the herb, that's my word
I be slaying them fast, doing this, that and the third
But chill, pass the Andre and let's lay
I bag bitches up at John Jay and hit a mantinee
Putting hits on 5-0
Cuz when it's my time to go, I wait for God wit the fo-fo [44]
And biters can't come near
And yo, go to hell to the foul cop who shot Garcia
I won't plant seeds, don't need an extra mouth I can't feed
That's extra Phillie change, more cash for damp weed
This goes out to Manhattan, the island of Staten
Brooklyn, Queens is living fat and
The Boogie Down, enuff props, enuff clout
Ill will, rest in peace, yo, I'm out

Right...
It's still halftime
Yo, pay attention
And listen real closely how I break this slang shit down

Check it, my weed smoke is my lye
A ki of coke is a pie
When I'm lifted, I'm high
With new clothes on, I'm fly
Cars is whips and sneakers is kicks
Money is chips, movies is flicks
Also, cribs is homes, jacks is pay phones
Cocaine is nose candy, cigarettes is bones
A radio is a box, a razor blade is a ox
Fat diamonds is rocks and jakes is cop
And if you got rubbed, you got stuck
You got shot, you got bucked
And if you got double-crossed, you got fucked
Your bankroll is your poke, a choke hold is a yoke
A kite is a note, a con is a okey doke
And if you got punched that mean you got snuffed
To clean is to buff, a bull scare is a strong bluff
I know you like the way I'm freakin' it
I talk with slang and I'ma never stop speakin' it

Chorus: repeat (2X)

&amp;quot;Speak with criminal slang&amp;quot; -Nas
That's just the way that I talk, yo
&amp;quot;Vocabulary spills, I'm ill&amp;quot; -Nas

Yo, yo
A burglary is a jook, a woof's a crook
Mobb Deep already explained the meanin' of shook
If you caught a felony, you caught a F
If you got killed, you got left
If you got the dragon, you got bad breath
If you 730, that mean you crazy
Hit me on the hip means page me
Angel dust is sherm, if you got AIDS, you got the germ
If a chick gave you a disease, then you got burned
Max mean to relax, guns and pistols is gats
Condoms is hats, critters is cracks
The food you eat is your grub
A victim's a mark
A sweat box is a small club, your tick is your heart
Your apartment is your pad
Your old man is your dad
The studio is the lab and heated is mad
I know you like the way I'm freakin' it
I talk with slang and I'ma never stop speakin' it

Chorus (2X)

The iron horse is the train and champaign is bubbly
A deuce is a honey that's ugly
If your girl is fine, she's a dime
A suit is a fine, jewelry is shine
If you in love, that mean you blind
Genuine is real, a face card is a hundred dollar bill
A very hard, long stare is a grill
If you sneakin' to go see a girl, that mean you creepin'
Smilin' is cheesin', bleedin' is leakin'
Beggin is bummin, if you nuttin you comin
Takin' orders is sunnin', an ounce of coke is a onion
A hotel's a telly, a cell phone's a celly
Jealous is jelly, your food box is your belly
To guerrilla mean to use physical force
You took a L, you took a loss
To show off mean floss, uh
I know you like the way I'm freakin' it
I talk with slang and I'ma never stop speakin' it

Chorus (2X)

Yeah, yeah
One love to my big brother, Big Lee
Holdin' it down
Yeah, Flamboyant for life
Yeah yeah, Flamboyant for life
You are appreciated

When I was young me and my mama had beef
17 years old kicked out on the streets
Though back at the time I never thought I'd see her face
Ain't a woman alive that could take my mamas place
Suspended from school, scared to go home
I was a fool with the big boys, breaking all the rules
Shed tears with my baby sister
Over the years we was poorer than the other little kids
And even though we had different daddies
The same drama, when things went wrong we blamed mama
I reminisce on the stress I caused, it was hell
Huggin' on my mama from a jail cell
And who'd think in elementary, hey I'd see the penitentiary
One day, running from the police that's right
Mama catch me, put a whoopin' to my backside
And even as a crack fiend mama
You always was a black queen mama
I finally understand for a woman it ain't easy trying to raise a man
You always was committed, poor single mother on welfare
Tell me how you did it, there's no way I can pay you back
But the plan is to show you that I understand
You are appreciated

(Chorus)
LaAAAAdy, don't ya know we love ya
Sweet laAAAAdy, place no one above ya
Sweet laAAAdy, don't ya know we love ya

Now ain't nobody tell us it was fair
No love for my daddy 'cos the coward wasn't there
He passed away and I didn't cry
'Cos my anger wouldn't let me feel for a stranger
They say I'm wrong and I'm heartless
But all along I was looking for a father, he was gone
I hung around with the thugs and even though they sold drugs
They showed a young brother love
I moved out and started really hangin'
I needed money of my own so I started slangin'
I ain't guilty, 'cos even though I sell rocks
It feels good putting money in your mailbox
I love paying rent when the rent's due
I hope you got the diamond necklace that I sent to you
'Cos when I was low you was there for me
You never left me alone 'cos you cared for me
And I can see you coming home after work, late
You're in the kitchen tryin' to fix us a hot plate
Just working with the scraps you was given
And mama made miracles every Thanksgiving
But now the road got rough, you're alone
Tryin' to raise two bad kids on your own
And there's no way I can pay you back
But my plan is to show you that I understand
You are appreciated

(Chorus)

Pour out some liquor and I reminisce
'Cos through the drama, I can always depend on my mama
And when it seems that I'm hopeless
You say the words that can get me back in focus
When I was sick as a little kid
To keep me happy, there's no limit to the things you did
And all my childhood memories
Are full of all the sweet things you did for me
And even though I act crazy
I got to thank the Lord the you made me
There are no words that can express how I feel
You never kept a secret, always stayed real
And I appreciate how you raised me
And all the extra love that you gave me
I wish I could take the pain away
If you can make it through the night, there's a brighter day
Everything will be alright if you hold on
It's a struggle, everyday gotta roll on
And there's no way I can pay you back
But my plan is to show you that I understand
You are appreciated

(Chorus)

Sweet lady, lady, lady, lady
[Butterfly]
We like the breeze flow straight out of our lids
Them they got moved by these hard rock Brooklyn kids
Us flow a rush when the DJ's boomin classics
You dig the crew on the fattest hip hop records
He touch the kinks and sinks into the sounds
She frequents the fatter joints called undergrounds
Our funk zooms like you hit the Mary Jane
They flock to booms man boogie had to change
Who freaks the clips with mad amount percussion
Where kinky hair goes to unthought-of dimensions
Why's it so fly cause hip hop kept some drama
When Butterfly rocked his light blue-suede Pumas
What by the cut we push it off the corner
How was the buzz entire hip hop era?
Was fresh and fat since they started sayin audi
Cause funks made fat from right beneath my hoodie
The puba of the styles like miles and shit
Like sixties funky worms with waves and perms
Just sendin chunky rhythms right down ya block
We be to rap what key be to lock
But
I'm cool like dat [x7]
I'm cool...I'm cool...
[Ladybug]
We be the chocolates taps on my raps
innovates at the sweeta cat naps
He at the funk club with the vibrate
Them they be crazy down with the ?five plate?
It can kick a plan then a crowd burst
Me I be diggin it with s bump verse
Us we be freakin til dawn blinks an eye
He gives the strangest smile so I say hi (wassup)
Who understood yeah understood the plan
Him heard a beat and put it to his hands
What I just flip let borders get loose
How to consume or they'll be just like juice
If its the shit we'll lift it off the plastic
The babes'll go spastic
Hip hop gains a classic
Pimp playin shock it dont matter I'm fatter
Ax Butta how I zone (man Cleopatra Jones)
And
I'm chill like dat [x7]
I'm chill...I'm chill...
[All]
Blink..blink..blink..blink..blink..blink..blink....
Think..think..think..think..think..think..think...
[Doodlebug]
We get ya free cause the clips be fat boss
Them they're the jams and commence to goin off
She sweats the beat and ask me cause she puffed it
Me I got crew kids seven and a crescent
Us cause a buzz when the nickel bags are dealt
Him thats my man with the asteroid belt
They catch a fizz from the Mr. Doodle-big
He rocks a tee from the Crooklyn non-pigs
The rebirth of slick like my gangsta stroll
The lyrics just like loot come in stacks and rolls
You used to find a bug in a box with fade
Now he boogies up your stage plaits twist or braids
And
I'm peace like dat [x7]
I'm Peace
[Butterfly]
Check it out man I groove like dat
I'm smmoce like dat
I jive like dat
I roll like dat
[Ladybug]
Yeah I'm thick like dat
I stack like dat
I'm down like dat
I'm black like dat
[Doodlebug]
Well yo I funk like dat
I'm fat like dat
I'm in like dat
Cause I swing like dat
[Butterfly]
We jazz like dat
We freak like dat
We zoom like dat
We out...we out
[Lil' Wayne]
Wha wha, wha wha, wha wha, wha wha, what

Straight off the black gold, nuts in my hand, trustin no man
Got my glock cocked, runnin this thing, ya understand
We be steamin.. blazin.. nines, pumps, and K's, and
Holly Grove 17th, (what) tha hood where I (what) was raised in (what)
Niggaz bustin heads and, runnin duckin Feds and
rocks under they tongues and, ki's under they beds and
Hood fulla real niggaz, twenty-four seven hustlers
EHHH, until we shove a barrel down ya pipe suckers
Ain't no love for no busta, no fear for no coward
No respect from no stunt, and no money without power
We keepin niggaz hotter, EWWWW nasty and sour
Pile up in the Eddie Bauer and BLAKA at every hour
Some niggaz like that powder, foldin up what they drain
Some like that weed or that dope and some shoot it up in they veins (oh)
From the home of that 'caine, jackin and crackin brains
Broadcastin live from Tha Block it's Lil' Wayne (who it is?)

Chorus: B.G. and Juvenile, Lil' Wayne

Juve:
Creepin down the back street on Deez
I got my glock cocked cuz niggaz want these
Now soon as I said it, seems I got sweated
By some nigga witha tech 9 tryin to take mine
ya wanna make noise, make noise
I make a phone call my niggaz comin like the Gotti boys
Bodies bein found on Greenleaf
With their fuckin heads cut off, motherfucker I'm Dre
So listen to the play-by-play, day-by-day
Rollin in my 4 with 16 switches
And got sounds for the bitches, clockin all the riches
Got the hollow points for the snitches
So would you just walk on by, cuz I'm too hard to lift
And no this ain't Aerosmith
It's the motherfuckin D-R-E, from the C-P-T
on a rhymin spree, a straight G
Hop back as I pop my top ya trip
I let the hollow points commence to POP POP POP
Yeah, cuz if it don't stop
I have to put my shit in reverse, go back and take another stop
Cause I'm (Rollin in my six-fo)
With all the niggaz sayin

Chorus:
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Hell Yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
With all the niggaz sayin
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Hell yeah
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride

Just another motherfuckin day for Dre so I begin like this
No medallions, dreadlocks, or black fists it's just
That gangster glare, with gangster raps
That gangster shit, that makes the gang of snaps, uhh
Word to the motherfuckin streets
And word to these hyped ass lyrics and dope beats that I
Hit ya with that I, get ya with
as I groove in my four on deez, hittin the switches
Bitches relax while I get my proper swerve on
Bumpin like a motherfucker ready to get my swerve on
But before I hit the dope spot
I gotta get the chronic, the Remi Martin and my soda pop
Now I'm smellin like indo-nesia
Bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
On my dick, cause my four on hit
Pancake front and back, side to side, and all that shit
So when I crawl I comes correct
Now, if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
As I dip a nigga trip to the south side, yeah
(Rollin in my six-fo) With all the bitches sayin

Chorus

Check this out
The sun went down when I hit Slausson
On my way to the strip, now I'm just flossin
Checkin my rearview cause niggaz they will do
Jack moves, black fools cause I smack fools
Try to set me up for a two-eleven
Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven
But I don't represent no gangbang
Some niggaz like lynchin but I just watch them hang
So on and so on, why don't you let me roll on
I remember back in the dayz when I used to have to get my stroll on
Didn't nobody wanna speak, now everybody
Peepin out they windows when they hear me beatin up the streets
Is it Dre? Is it Dre?
That's what they say, every single motherfuckin day, yo
But I ain't trippin I'm just kickin it
While my deez keep spinnin and these hoes keep grinnin I'll be
(Rollin in my six-fo) With everybody sayin

Chorus
I don't mind just what you say.
I never heard you, baby, never heard you anyway.
I don't care what you do
Just so long as it ain't me and you.
Sly, sly, like a demon's eye.

Everything's good, I said, everything's fine.
You don't know, don't know it's the end of your time.
How does it feel to be turned away?
I've known it, baby, almost every day.
Sly, sly, like a demon's eye.

I don't need you anymore,
I don't want you, baby, hanging round my door.
You slip and slide round my brain.
You think you're so clever, yeah, but you know you're insane.
Sly, sly, like a demon's eye.

I d-d-don't mind just what you say.
I never heard you, baby, I never heard you anyway, no I didn't.
Everything's good, everything's fine.
You don't know it's the end of your time.
Sly, sly, like the demon's eye,
Like the demon's eye.
Intro AZ:This is what... this what they want huh?
This is what it's all about..
What? Time to take Affirmative Action son
They just don't understand, youknowImean?
Niggaz comin sideways thinkin stuff is sweet man
Yknahmean?
Niggaz don't understand the four devils:
Lust.. Envy.. Hate.. Jealousy
Wicked niggaz man

[AZ the Visualiza]
Yo, sit back relax catchin contacts, sip your cog-nac
And let's all wash this money through this laundry mat
Sneak attack, a new cat sit back, worth top dollar
In fact, touch mines, and I'll react like a Rottweiler
Who pull the late, we play for high stakes at gunpoint
Catch em and break, undress em tie em with tape, no escape
The Corleone, fettucini Capone
Roam in your own zone or get kidnapped and clapped in your dome
We got it sewn, The Firm art of war is unknown
Lower your tone, face it, homicide cases get blown
Aristocrats, politickin daily with diplomats
See me I'm an official mack, Lex Coupe triple black

[Cormega]
Criminal thoughts in the blue Porsche, my destiny's to be the new boss
That nigga Paulie gotta die - he too soft
That nigga's dead on, a key of her-oin, they found his head on
the couch with his dick in his mouth, I put the hit out
Yo, the smoothest killer since Bugsy, bitches love me
And Queens where my drugs be, I wear Guess jeans and rugbies
Yo my people from Medina they will see you
when you re-up on your heater all your cream go betweeen us
Real shit, my Desert Eagle got a ill grip
I chill with, niggaz that hit Dominican spots and steal bricks
My red beam, made a dread scream, and sprayed a Fed team
Corleone be turnin niggaz to fiends
U-Conn's and ninja black Lexus, 'Mega the pretty boy
with mafia connections it's The Firm nigga set it

[Nas]
Yo, my mind is seein through your design like blind fury
I shine jewelry sippin on crushed grapes, we lust papes
and push cakes inside the casket at Just wake
It's sickenin, he just finished biddin upstate
And now the projects, is talkin that somebody gotta die shit
It's logic, as long as it's nobody that's in my clique
My man Smoke, know how to expand coke, and Mr. Coffee
Feds cost me two mill' to get the system off me
"Life's a Bitch," but God-forbid the bitch divorce me
I'll be flooded with ice so hellfire can't scorch me
Cuban cigars meetin Foxy at Demars
Movin cars, your top papi Senor Escobar

[Foxy Brown]
In the black Camaro
Firm deep all my niggaz hail the blackest sparrow
Wallabee's be the apparel
Through the darkest tunnel, I got visions of multimillions
in the biggest bundle, in the Lex pushed by my nigga Jungle
He money bags got Moet, Sean Don
Bundle of sixty-two, they ain't got a clue what we about to do
My whole team we shittin hard like Czar
Sosa, Foxy Brown, Cormega, and Escobar
I keep a fat marquis piece, laced in all the illest snake skin
Armani sweaters Carolina Hebrera
Be The Firm baby, from BK to the 'Bridge
My nigga Wiz, operation Firm Biz, so what the deal is
I keep a phat jew-el, sippin Crist-ies
Sittin on top of fifty grand in the Nautica Van, uhh!
We stay incogni' like all them thug niggaz in Marcy
The Gods, they praise Allah with visions of Gandhi
Bet it on, my whole crew is Don Juan
On Cayman Island with a case of Cristal and Papa Chula spoke
Nigga with them Cubans that snort coke
Raw though, an ounce mixed wit leak that's pure though
Flippin the bigger picture, the bigger nigga with the cheddar
Was mad dripper, he had a fuckin villa in Manilla
We got to flee to Panama, but wait it's half and half
Keys is one and two-fifth, so how we flip
Thirty-two grams raw, chop it in half, get sixteen, double it times three
We got forty-eight, which mean a whole lot of cream
Divide the profit by four, subtract it by eight
We back to sixteen, now add the other two that 'Mega bringin through
So let's see, if we flip this other key
Then that's more for me, mad coke and mad leak
Plus a five hundred, cut in half is two-fifty
Now triple that times three, we got three quarters of another key
The Firm baby, volume one uhh..
Last year's wishes are this year's apologies
Every last time I come home
I take my last chance to burn a bridge or two
I only keep myself this sick in the head
'Cause I know how the words get you

We're the new face of failure
Prettier and younger but not any better off
Bulletproof loneliness at best, at best

Me and you, setting in a honeymoon
If I woke up next to you, if I woke up next to you
Me and you, setting in a honeymoon
If I woke up next to you, if I woke up next to you

Collect the bad habits that you couldn't bear to keep
Out of the woods but I love
A tree I used to lay beneath, kissed teeth stained red
From a sour bottle baby girl with eyes the size of baby worlds

We're the new face of failure
Prettier and younger but not any better off
Bulletproof and loneliness at best, at best

Me and you, setting in a honeymoon
If I woke up next to you, if I woke up next to you
Me and you, setting in a honeymoon
If I woke up next to you, if I woke up next to you

Me and you, setting in a honeymoon
If I woke up next to you, if I woke up next to you
Me and you, setting in a honeymoon
If I woke up next to you, if I woke up next to you

The best way to make it through
With hearts and wrists intact
Is to realize two out of three ain't bad
Ain't bad!

Me and you, setting in a honeymoon
If I woke up next to you, if I woke up next to you
Me and you
(Honeymoon)
Setting in a honeymoon

Me and you, setting in a honeymoon
If I woke up next to you, if I woke up next to you
Me and you, setting in a honeymoon
If I woke up next to you
(Honeymoon).
Intro: Q-Tip

Do I love you?
Do I lust for you?
Am I a sinner cuz I do the two?
Could you let me know
Right now, please
Bonita Applebum

Chorus:

Bonita Applebum, you gotta put me on (repeat 4X)

Q-Tip:

(pause between every verse)
Hey Bonita, glad to meet ya
For the kind of stunning newness, I must have foreseen ya
Hey, being with you is a top priority
Ain't no need to question the authority
Chairman of the board, the chief of affections
You got mine's to swing in your direction
Hey, you're like a hip hop song, you know?
Bonita Applebum, you gotta put me on

Chorus

38-24-37 (uh, uh, uh!)
You and me, hun, we're a match made in heaven
I like to kiss ya where some brothas won't
I like to tell ya things some brothas don't
If only you could see through your elaborate eyes
Only you and me, hun, the love never dies
Satisfaction, I have the right tactics
And if you need 'em, I got crazy prophylactics
So far, I hope you like rap songs
Bonita Applebum, you gotta put me on

Chorus
Verse One (Andre):
Yeah... Intro-national, underground,
Thunder bounce when I stomp the ground, (Whoo!)
Like a million elephants or silverback orangutans,
You can't stop my train,
Who want some, Don't come unprepared,
I'll be there, but when I leave there,
Better be a household name,
Weatherman tellin' us it ain't gon' rain,
So now we sittin' in a drop-top soakin' wet,
In a silk suit, tryin' not to sweat,
Hittin' somersaults without the net,
But this'll be the year that we won't forget,
One-nine-nine-nine, And around me anything goes,
Be what you wanna be, Long as you know,
Consequences are given,
For livin' defenseless,
Too hot to jump in jail,
Too low to dig, I might just touch hell, (HOT!)
Get a life, now they on sale,
Then I might catch you a spell, Look at what came in the mail,
A scale and some Arm &amp; Hammer,
Charcoal grill and a baby mamma,
Black Cadillac and a pack of pampers,
Stack of questions, wit' no answers,
Cure for cancer, cure for AIDS,
Make a nigga wanna stay on tour for days,
Get back home, things are wrong,
Well, not really, it was bad all along,
Fo' you left assed out to a ball of power,
Lost at a thousand miles per hour,
Hello, ghetto, let yo' brain' free,
Believe there's always mo'... Ooowww!!!

Chorus:
Don't pull the thang out unless you plan to bang...
Bombs over Baghdad, yeah...
Don't even bang unless you plan to hit some-thang...
Bombs over Baghdad, yeah...
(Repeat)



Verse Two (Big Boi):
Uno, dos, tres, it's on,
Did ya ever think a pimp rock the microphone,
Like that there, boi, but we still stay street,
Big thangs happen every time we meet,
Like a track team, craft ain't dyin' a geek,
Outkast bumpin' up and down the streets,
Slam back Cadillac, 'bout five ...(Blank)...
75 emcees freestylin' to the beat,
'Cause we get crunk, stay crunk at the club,
Should of bought a ounce, but ya caught the dubs,
Shoulda held back, but ya throwed the punch,
'Posed to meet ya girl, but ya packed the lunch,
No G-to-the-U-to-the-G fa you,
Got a son on the way by the name of Bamboo,
Got a little baby girl for a year, Jordan,
Never turn my back on my kids for them,
Shoulda hit it... Quit it... Rag top...
Before ya reek up, get a lab... top
Make a business for yourself, boy, sell some golds,
Make a phat diamond outta dust and coal,
Record number four, but we on a roll,
Hold up, slow up, stop, control,
Like Janet, planet, Stankonia, it's on ya,
Movin' like Floyd, comin' straight to Florida,
Block all ya windows and block the corridors,
Pullin' off my belt 'cause the women's in order,
Like three piece fish, boy I cut ya daughter,
Yo quiero Taco Bell, then I hit the border,
Pity pap rapper, tryin' to get to five,
I'm a microphone fiend, tryin' to stay alive,
When ya come to ATL, boy, ya bet' not hide,
'Cause the Dungeon Family gon' ride... HAH!

Chorus

Guitar solo...
"I'm setting the example, and what I've done in gonna be puzzled over
and studied, and followed, forever." - the movie "Se7en"

[Ikon]
Prepare for the verbal war
The hologram advanced psychical form
Manifesting universal mind into the lore
Travelling lands, I stand on sands of chemical vibration
The math kings of light departed in wrath
So where you gonna stand when the Elohi returns
Seven great stages throughout the ages say you burn
It's my turn to shine
I redefine the crystalline-biological structures implanted in your mind
So I find the deaf, dumb and blind
And bless 'em with science and leave the blind ones behind
Descending into big balls of mass, in the form of rain
The Verbal Hologram brings pain
So rearrange disagreeable ways that brought you the darkness
Take hold, and rip out your soul from your carcass
And rise away like a sham
The Verbal Hologram is the verbal avalanche
One last chance to re-plan and over-stand
Before the Hologram sends your camp to Holy Land
So ask your man, when he returns to where I sent him
The plan was to kill God and reinvented
Practicing Black Magical tactics like voodoo
Attacking like the seven deadly warships in the Boocoo
(Chorus x 3)

[Chorus: sample of Masta Killa from &amp;amp;quot;Triumph&amp;amp;quot;]
Give insight to the blind
The dumb are mostly intrigued by the drum (intrigued by the drum)

[Ikon]
I bring forth the mighty Udamiu, the powerful Sapagra
The darkening behind you, the biblical omega man
The Ashtar command, I came to bring mortals the veractory gland
So here I stand on the Four Corners of Stonehendge
Travelling through portals, the thunderbolt of battles, the lord of the immortals
The zeal of the seven, the rising of the demon
The lost books of the Bible and forgotten books of Eden
The heathens, who burn like perrhosis
Handed the Holy tablets, like Moses
The blackening of roses will send you to the edges of the land
The emerald tablets of Thoth the Atlantean
The hands of the mighty line of Judah
Will throw you through the triangular portals of Bermuda
Exploring the Hologramic aspects of consciousness
For aliens truth devour, orthodox first relativistic equations for power
The shower of acid rain brings pain to the land
You cannot kill what you cannot see
The Verbal Hologram

(Chorus x 5)
Intro:

You're back now at the jack-off hour this is dj, eazy dick
On w-balls, right now, somethin new, by snoop doggy dogg
And this one goes out to the ladies, from all the guys
A big bow wow wow, 'cause we gonna make it a little mystery
Here tonight, this is dj eazy dick, on the station that
Slaps you across your fat ass, with a fat dick

Verse one: nate dogg

When I met you last night baby
Before you opened up your gap
I had respect for ya lady
But now I take it all back
Cause you gave me all your pussy
And ya even licked my balls
Leave your number on the cabinet
And I promise baby, I'll give ya a call
Next time I'm feelin kinda horny
You can come on over, and I'll break you off
And if you can't f**k, that day, baby
Just lay back, and open your mouth
Cause I have never
Met a girl
That I love
In the whole wide world

Verse two: kurupt

Well, if kurupt gave a f**k about a bitch I'd always be broke
I'd never have no motherf**kin indo to smoke
I gets loced and looney, bitch you can't do me
Do we like bbd, you hoochie groupie?
I have no love for hoes
That's somethin I learned in the pound
So how the f**k am I supposed
To pay this hoe, just to lay this hoe
I know the pussy's mines, i'ma f**k a couple more times
And then I'm through with it, there's nothing else to do with it
Pass it to the homie, now you hit it
Cause she ain't nuthin but a bitch to me


And y'all know, that bitches ain't shit to me
I gives a f**k, why don't y'all pay attention
Approach it with a different proposition, I'm kurupt
Hoe you'll never be my only one, trick ass beeeitch!

Chorus: (repeat 4x)

It ain't no fun, if the homies can't have none

Verse three: snoop doggy dogg

Guess who back in the motherf**kin house
With a fat dick for your motherf**kin mouth
Hoes recognize, niggaz do too
'cause when bitches get skanless and pull a voodoo
What you gon do? you really don't know
So I'd advise you not to trust that hoe
Silly of me to fall in love with a bitch
Knowin damn well, I'm too caught up with my grip
Now as the sun rotates and my game grows bigger
How many bitches wanna f**k this nigga named snoop
Doggy, I'm all the above
I'm too swift on my toes to get caught up with you hoes
But see, it ain't no fun, if my homies can't get a taste of it
Cause you know I don't love em

Verse four: warren g

Whoa!
Hey, now ya know, inhale, exhale with my flow
One for the money, two for the btiches
Three to get ready, and four to hit the switches
In my chevy, six-fo' rad to be exact
With bitches on my side, and bitches on back
So back up bitch 'cause I'm strugglin, so get
Off your knees and then start jugglin
These motherf**kin nuts in your mouth
It's me, warren g the nigga with the clout
Whoo!

Chorus
(Yeahhh)
Bury me a G
Thug Life for life

Thinkin' back
reminiscing on my teens
a young G
gettin' paid over dope fiends
fuckin' off cash that I make
nigga, what's tha sense of workin hard
if you never get to play
i'm hustlin'
stayin' out till it's dawn
and commin' home
at 6 o'clock in tha mornin'
hand's on my glock
eye's on tha prize
finger on tha trigga when a nigga ride
shootin' craps
bustin' niggas out tha door
pick my money off tha floor
god bless tha tre-four
stuck on full, drunk again
sippin' on Gin
with a couple of friends
sayin' them thug life niggas be like major pimps
stickin' to tha rules is what made it simp (Biatch)
and if I die
let it be
but when they come for me
bury me a G

Chorus (x2):
I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
even when I die
they won't worry me
mama don't cry
bury me a G

More Trouble than tha average
just made 25 and i'm livin' like a savage
bein a G ain't no easy thing
cause you could fuck around get crossed
and get stuck in tha game
and for tha rest of your life you will sit and reminicse
wonder why it had to end like this
and to tha G's you can feel my pain
till tha mothafuckas gets born again

you thought I was a game kid
i'm not tha nigga for playin games
I let my buckshots rang
when I pull tha trigga on my gauge
i'm on tha rampage
makin' runs for tha devil
ain't nothin' on my mind
will get me in some trouble
i'm tryin to ride
no more loves
for me hard to figure
get a nigga, smoke a blunt
Or is a jury starts (break that shit)
I gives a fuck nigga
stuck outta luck
when I bust
pull me to my death
but i'm a G to tha enemy

Chorus (x2):
I ain't got time for bitches
gotta keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
even when I die
they won't worry me
mama don't cry
bury me a G

I got nothin' ta loose so I choose to be a killer
went from bangin' ta slangin'
now i'm a dope dealer
all my life payed tha price to be tha boss
back in school
broke tha rules I'm getten' tossed
poppin' rocks on tha block was a past time
pack a 9 all the time
you wanna test mine?
don't cry
I die before they play me
from tha cradle to tha grave
bury me

Straight Thug G
kickin' it with tha homies in tha hood
getten' drunk, smokin' blunts
a bitch said I'm no good
I gives a fuck
I spend my time in tha dope spot
never had no time for no bitch
instead slangin' rocks
and bustin' caps on you punk ass marcs
fake ass G's
bitch niggas with no heart
i'm stayin' real till i'm 6 feet deep
so when a nigga gone
bury me a G

Chorus (2x):
I ain't got time for bitches
gotta keep my mind on my mothafuckin riches
even when I die
they won't worry me
mama don't cry
Bury Me a G

Stuck on Full
Tangaray got a nigga high
lord knows I don't need another DUI
I led a Thug Life
heartless hustler
just cause I fucked
don't mean I trust her
now my pagers vibratin'
can't sleep
so i'm mobbin' to tha ho's house
pumpin' Isely
Is it cool ta fuck is what i'm askin
Bitch recognize game and start laughin
when i'm all in those guts and shit (Nigga you crazy)
prayin' that a nigga don't nut too quick
cause i'll fuck and get up and let ya know
i'll be a 10 minute brotha for a $2 ho
lots a ho's get mad and shit
I let a trick be a trick
you can have that bitch
cause I doubt if I change
tha games a mothafucker
real niggas turn ta bustas
Bury Me a G

Chorus:
I ain't got time for bitches
Gotta Keep my mind on my mothafucken riches
even when I die
they won't worry me
Mama don't cry
bury me a G (6x)

I ain't got time for bitches
bitches
Who the fuck is this? Pagin me at 5:46 in the mornin crack o' dawnin
Now I'm yawnin, wipe the cold out my eye
See who's this pagin me and why..
It's my nigga Pop from the barbershop
Told me he was in the gamblin spot and heard the intricate plot
Some niggaz wanna stick me like fly paper neighbor
Slow down love please chill, drop the caper
'Remember them niggaz from the hill up in Brownsville?
That you rolled dice wit, smoked the blunts and got nice wit?'
'Yeah, my nigga Fame up in Prospect
Nah, dem my niggaz nah, love wouldn't disrespect'
'I didn't say dem, they schooled me to some niggaz
that you knew from back when, when you was clockin minor figures
Now they heard you blowin up like nitro
and they wanna stick the knife through your windpipe slow
So, thank Fame for warnin me now I'm warnin you
I got the mac nigga, tell me what you wanna do...

[Chorus X4:]
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper.

'They heard about the rolexs and the lexus
wit the Texas license plate outta state
They heard about the pounds you got down in Georgetown
Now they heard you got half Virginia locked down
They even heard about the crib you bought your moms out in Florida
the fifth corridor....' Call the coroner
There's gonna be alot of slow singin
And flower bringin if my burgular alarm starts ringin
Whatcha think all the guns is for?
All purpose war, got the Rottweilers by the door
And I feed em gun powder so they can devour
The criminals tryin to drop my decimals
Damn, niggaz wanna stick my for my CREAM
and in a dream things ain't always how it seems
It's the ones that smoke blunts witcha
See your picture, now they wanna grab they guns and come and getcha
Betcha Biggie won't slip, I got the calico
with the black talons loaded in the clip
So I can rip through the ligaments
put the fuckers in a bad prediciment
Where all the foul niggas went
Touch my cheddar, feel my Beretta
Buck what I had you with you motherfuckers betta duck
I bring pain, blood stains on blood of what remains
of his jacket, he had a gun he should'eve packed it
Cocked it, extra clips in my pocket
So I can reload and explode down ya asshole
I fuck around and get hardcore, C-4 to ya door no beef no more
Nigga, feel the rush, scandalous
The more weed smoke I puff, the more dangerous
I don't give a fuck about you or your weak crew
What you gonna do when Big Poppa comes for you?
Start runnin, nigga I bust my gun in
Hold on I hear somebody comin...
Verse One: Ice Cube

Straight outta Compton, crazy motherfucker named Ice Cube
From the gang called Niggaz With Attitudes
When I'm called off, I got a sawed off
Squeeze the trigger, and bodies are hauled off
You too, boy, if ya fuck with me
The police are gonna hafta come and get me
Off yo ass, that's how I'm goin out
For the punk motherfuckers that's showin out
Niggaz start to mumble, they wanna rumble
Mix em and cook em in a pot like gumbo
Goin off on a motherfucker like that
with a gat that's pointed at yo ass
So give it up smooth
Ain't no tellin when I'm down for a jack move
Here's a murder rap to keep yo dancin
with a crime record like Charles Manson
AK-47 is the tool
Don't make me act the motherfuckin fool
Me you can go toe to toe, no maybe
I'm knockin niggaz out tha box, daily
yo weekly, monthly and yearly
until them dumb motherfuckers see clearly
that I'm down with the capital C-P-T
Boy you can't fuck with me
So when I'm in your neighborhood, you better duck
Coz Ice Cube is crazy as fuck
As I leave, believe I'm stompin
but when I come back, boy, I'm comin straight outta Compton

Chorus:

[City of Compton, City of Compton]

[Eazy E] Yo Ren
[MC Ren] Whassup?
[Eazy E] Tell em where you from!

Verse Two: MC Ren

Straight outta Compton, another crazy ass nigga
More punks I smoke, yo, my rep gets bigger
I'm a bad motherfucker and you know this
But the pussy ass niggaz don't show this
But I don't give a fuck, I'ma make my snaps
If not from the records, from jackin the crops
Just like burglary, the definition is 'jackin'
And when illegally armed it's called 'packin'
Shoot a motherfucker in a minute
I find a good piece o' pussy, I go up in it
So if you're at a show in the front row
I'm a call you a bitch or dirty-ass ho
You'll probably get mad like a bitch is supposed to
But that shows me, slut, you're composed to
a crazy muthafucker from tha street
Attitude legit cause I'm tearin up shit
MC Ren controls the automatic
For any dumb muthafucker that starts static
Not the right hand cause I'm the hand itself
every time I pull a AK off the shelf
The security is maximum and that's a law
R-E-N spells Ren but I'm raw
See, coz I'm the motherfuckin villain
The definition is clear, you're the witness of a killin
that's takin place without a clue
And once you're on the scope, your ass is through
Look, you might take it as a trip
but a nigga like Ren is on a gangsta tip
Straight outta Compton...

Chorus:

[City of Compton, City of Compton]

[Dr. Dre] Eazy is his name and the boy is comin...

Verse Three: Eazy-E

...straight outta Compton
is a brotha that'll smother yo' mother
and make ya sister think I love her
Dangerous motherfucker raises hell
And if I ever get caught I make bail
See, I don't give a fuck, that's the problem
I see a motherfuckin cop I don't dodge him
But I'm smart, lay low, creep a while
And when I see a punk pass, I smile
To me it's kinda funny, the attitude showin a nigga drivin
but don't know where the fuck he's going, just rollin
lookin for the one they call Eazy
But here's a flash, they never seize me
Ruthless! Never seen like a shadow in the dark
except when I unload, see I'll get over the hesitation
and hear the scream of the one who got the last penetration
Give a little gust of wind and I'm jettin
But leave a memory no one'll be forgettin
So what about the bitch who got shot? Fuck her!
You think I give a damn about a bitch? I ain't a sucker!
This is the autobiography of the E, and if you ever fuck with me
You'll get taken by a stupid dope brotha who will smother
word to the motherfucker, straight outta Compton

Chorus:

[City of Compton, City of Compton]

[And that kind of shit you cant sweep up under no rug you know
]
I Get High, I Get High
I Get High, I Get High
I Get High, I Get High
I Get High on your memories
High on your memories
High on your memories

I Get High, high, high, high (Everyday)
I Get High, high, high, high (Everynight)
I Get High, high, high, high (All the time)
Highhhh (In background thoughout song)

[Verse One- Styles]
Everyday I need an ounce and a half
S.P.: the only flow'er that you know with a bounce in a half
Listen kid, I need a mountain of cash
So I could roll up, hop in the whip and like, bounce to the ave
I get, high cuz I'm in the hood, the guns in around
It take a blunt just to ease the pain that humble me now
And I'd rather roll somethin up
Cuz if I'm sober dogg, I just might flip, grab my guns and hold somethin up
I get high as a kite
I'm in the zone all alone, muthafucka 'case I'm dyin tonight
So I roll em up back to back, fat as I could
You got beef with Styles P, I come to slide to the hood

[Chorus]
I Get High, high, high, high (Everyday)
I Get High, high, high, high (Everynight)
I Get High, high, high, high (All the time)
High, high, high, high (Everyday)
I Get High, high, high, high (Everynight)
I Get High, high, high, high (All the time)
I Get High, high, high, high
Highhhh

[Verse Two- Styles]
Ayo, I smoke like a chim-in-ney
Matta fact I, smoke like a gun
When a killa see his enemy
I smoke like Bob Marley did
Add to that, that I smoke like the Hippies did back in the 70's
Spit with the finishing touch
Get this, that I'ma finish you before I finish the dutch
I get high like the birds and the planes
I get high when, bullets hit faces after words exchanged
I get a rush off the blunt and the walls, you understand
Like the M-5 pedal when its touchin the floor
I get high cuz fuck it, what's better to do
And I'ma neva give a fuck cuz I'm better than you

[Chorus]

[Verse Three- Styles]
I'ma smoke til my lungs collapse
I'm from a era where
Niggas cause terror over guns and crack
Where a dolla bill is powerful
I smoke weed cuz time seem precious, and I know what a hour do
High for a livin, gots ta ride for a livin
Wit my real gangsta niggas that'll die for a livin
Shit I get as high as I could
Cuz if you see things like I see things
Cuz I'ma die in the hood
Muthafucka understand its full service to you
I don't smoke the weed if it aint purple or blue
And you could name any rapper, if you want he could die
This is S.P. dump it in, you bitch I get high

[Chorus Til Fade]
[Bone]
Bone Bone Bone Bone.. Bone.. Bone.. Bone.. Bone.. Bone
Now tell me whatcha gonna do
when there ain't no where to run (tell me what)
(When judgment comes for you, when judgment comes for you)
And whatcha gonna do
when there ain't no where to hide (tell me what)
When judgment comes for you (Cause it's gonna come for you)

[Bizzy]
Head south let's all bring it in for Wally, Eazy sees uncle Charlie
Little Boo, but God's got him and I'm gonna miss everybody
I only rolled and blows my gauge looked at him while he lay
When playing with destiny, plays too deep for me to say
Lil' Layzie came to me, told me if he should decease well then please
Bury me by my grand-grand and when you can, come follow me

[Layzie]
God bless you working on a plan to Heaven
Follow the Lord all 24/7 days, GOD is who we praise
even though the devil's all up in my face
But he keeping me safe and in my place, say grace
For the case to race with a chance to face the judge
And I betcha my soul won't budge
Grudge because there's no mercy for thugs
Oh what can I do it's all about our family and how we roll
Can I get a witness let it unfold
We living our lives to eternal our soul aye-oh-aye-oh

[Krayzie]
Prayyyyyyy, and we pray and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
Everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday
and we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
Still we laced, now follow me roll stroll
Whether is tell of his Heaven
Come let's go take a visit of people that's long gone
Darris, Wally, Eazy, Terry, Boo
It's steadily creeping up on the family
Exactly how many days we got lasting
While you laughing we're passing, passing away
So y'all go rest y'all souls
Cause I know I'ma meet you up at the crossroads
Y'all know y'all forever got love from them Bone Thugs baby

[Wi$h]
Lil Eazy's long gone
Really wish he would come home
But when it's time to die
Gotta go bye bye
All a lil thug could do is cry, cry
Why they kill my dog and man
I miss my uncle Charles y'all
and he shoudn't be gone, in front of his home
What they did to Boo was wrong
Oh so wrong, oh so wrong
Gotta hold on gotta stay strong
When the day comes
Better believe Bone got a shoulder you can lean on (lean on)

Hey and we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday
and we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday

[Chorus - Layzie and Krayzie]
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads

[Bizzy]
And I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody when I'm gone
And I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody

[Layzie]
Living in a hateful world sending me straight to Heaven
That's how we roll
Living in a hateful world sending me straight to Heaven
That's how we roll
Living in a hateful world sending me straight to Heaven
That's how we roll
And I'm asking the good LORD "Why?" and sigh
It's I he told me we live to die

[Krayzie]
What's up with murder y'all, see my little cousin was hung
Somebody was really wrong, everybody want to test us dawg
Then Miss Sleazy set up Eazy to fall, you know why we sinning
And Krayzie intended on ending it when it ends
Wanna come again, again and again
Now tell me whatcha gonna do

[Wi$h]
Can somebody anybody tell me why?
Hey, can somebody anybody tell me why we die, we die?
I don't wanna die

Ohhh so wrong
Ohhhhh wrong
Ohhh so wrong
Ohhhhh wrong

[Chorus - repeat gradually fading away]


[Thanks to micah231@aol.com, cakeater2@hotmail.com, rushshorty5@yahoo.com, Shortygirl4m8105@aol.com for correcting these lyrics]
[Girl]
Is there something wrong?

[Guy]
Ahhh.... I was just sorta, you know, thinkin' about tomorrow. The lawyer
said I'll probably get off; you know, probation or something like that.
But he might be saying that afraid I'll jump bail and take off.

[Girl]
What are you gonna do?

[Guy]
I was thinking about cutting out to Florida tonight.

[Guy]
I said I'm thinking about getting lost down there.
You know, it's real warm down there;
If I moved down there I could get a blanket and sleep
Out on the beaches at night.

[Girl]
Where will I find you? What if I want you?

[Guy]
Yeah but hmm... I'm used to being independent
I couldn't be put in a cage or anything
And besides, you'll never wait.

[Girl]
Yes I will.

[Guy]
You say that now, but you don't really mean that.

[Girl]
I will. I promise I will. Promise I will...
[Andre]
Yeah
Oh yes I love her like Egyptian, want a description, my royal highness
So many plusses when I bust that there can't be no minus
Went from yellin' crickets and crows, bitches and hoes to queen things
Over the years I been up on my toes and yes I seen things
like Kilroy, chill boi because them folks might think you soft
talkin' like that, man fuck them niggaz I'm goin' off
and comin' right back, like boomerangs when you throw em
With these old ghetto poems, Bankhead is better for em
When they can let they throw em, down from hitchikin' and bitin' niggas
until the temple they call the body, now everybody got it
Had it, talked about it amongst they friends
Comin' around my crew lookin Jazzy, wanna pretend
like you Ms. Goodie, Four-Shoes, even Bo knew, that you got caught poked
like accupuncture patients while our nation is a boat
Straight sinkin', I hate thinkin' that these the future mommas
of our chillun, they fuckin' a different nigga every time
they get the feelin' to, I'm willin' to go the extra kilo-meter
just to see my senorita get her pillow
on the side of my bed where no good ever stay
House and doctor was the games we used to play
but now it's real Jazzy Belle...

[Big Boi]
See what if you was a playa, real playa not no slouch
Havin' the very best of life lots of steak and Perignon
Smokin' an ounce of weed yeah every single day was personal FreakNik
Freakin' these hoes in Polo clothes life as you conceived it
but your conception, deception, lookin' into your eyes I see
your weapon and it's depressin', they're diggin' up in your thighs
leavin' deposits keepin your closets open knockin' your boots and jaws
Hopin' to get you sprung like bell-bottoms, steadily callin' me Antwan
cause you thinkin' that you my lady bitch don't play me cause you're chanky
I wanted to hit that ass but me and the Goodie we got danky
So thank thee, you runnin' that Southerplayalistic game
You was the only one to blame, a nigga don't even know yo name
it's a shame, you crackin' em up and fuckin' a nigga like Tupac up
I'm leavin' these foes to be the flowers and wake don't get me see
I gotta be feedin' my daughter, teach her to be that Natural Woman
Cause you'll be Waiting to Exhale while you other hoes be
Dumb and Dumber, yeah you know what I'm sayin?

[Andre, Big Boi]
One two, yessss, ummkay, check this out right here now
See me ain't no good, in the black on black Llac no star
Windows are tinted so that no one knows who us are
Talk bad about her nigga guaranteed to snap like bra
Strap stickin' together like grandma and grandpa-pa
In this dog eat dog world, kitty cats be scratchin' on my
furry coat to curl, up with me and my bowl of kibbles and bits
I want to earl, cause most of the girls that we was likin'
in high school, now they dykein' *laughin*

Havin' no mercy for the disrespect-ful ones, some
be hangin' around the crew lookin' for funds, dumb
deaf and fine, they be, askin' me all about mine
How she doin' how she be, I know she's sippin' that wine
behind my back they skwak like vultures
Off and On like Trendz of Cultures baby
hey he, fakin' it like these sculptured, nails
But they can go to hell and lay with Lucifer
Cause they burnin' anyway, Big Boi user and abuser
[Hook X4:]
Can't keep runnin' away.....

[Fat Lip]
I must admit on some occasions I went out like a punk and a chump
Or a sucka or something to that effect
Respect I used to never get, when all I got was upset
When niggas use to be like 'What's up fool!?'
and tried to sweat a nigga like the Lip
For no reason at all I can recall crip niggas throwin' C in my face
Down the hall I'm kickin' it in the back of the school eatin' chicken at three
Wonderin' 'Why is everybody always pickin' on me?'
I tried to talk and tell them, 'Chill' I did nothing to deserve this
But when it didn't work I wasn't scared just real nervous
and unprepared to deal with scrappin' no doubt
My pappy never told me how to knock a nigga out
But now in '95 I must survive as a man on my own
Fuck around with Fatlip yes ya get blown
I'm not tryin to show no macho is shown
but when it's on, if it's on, then it's on!

[Hook X4]

One, two...
So listen here!
Come on...

[Slim Kid Tre]
There comes a time in every mans life when he's gotta handle shit up on his own
Can't depend on friends to help you in a squeeze
please they got problems of they own
Down for the count on seven chickens shits don't get to Heaven
til they faced these fears in these fear zones
Used to get jacked back in high school I played it cool
just so some real shit won't get full blown
Being where I'm from they let the smoke come quicker
than an evil redneck could lynch a helpless colored figure
And as a victim I invented low-key
til the keyhole itself got lower than me
So I stood up and let my free form form free
Said 'I'm gonna get some before they knockin' out me'
I don't sweat it I let the bullshit blow in the breeze
in other words just freeze!

[Hook X4]

[Knumbskull #1]
It's 1995 now that I'm older stress weighs on my shoulders
heavy as boulders but I told ya
till the day that I die I still will be a soldier and that's all I told
ya and that's all I showed ya
and all this calamity is rippin' my sanity
Can it be I'm a celebrity
whose on the brink of insanity?
Now don't be wishin's of switchin' any positions with me
cuz when you in my position, it ain't never easy
to do any type of maintaining cuz all this gaming and famin' from
entertainin' is hella straining to the brain and...
But I can't keep runnin I just gotta keep keen and cunnin'...

[Hook X4]
(S. Pippen/L. Keith/J. Slate)

I'm your friend you can talk to me
I read your fate I see misery
'Cause the one you love has left you dry
Don't start believin' that you're gonna die
Just pick your heart up off the floor and try, try again

You'll find
Better love next time baby, don't give up and I know you're gonna find
Better love next time baby, someone will be waiting down the line
With better love, better love, better love, better love next time

Sometimes it's better to let it all go
I've been there and I think I should know
So have a good cry, wash out your heart
If you keep it inside it'll tear you apart
Sometimes you lose but you're gonna win if you just, if you just, keep hanging in

You'll find
Better love next time baby, don't give up and I know you're gonna find
Better love next time baby, someone will be waiting down the line
With better love, better love

Better love next time baby, don't give up and I know you're gonna find
Better love next time baby, someone will be waiting down the line
With better love, better love

Better love next time baby........

(c)1979 Sunbury Music Ltd.
[Notorious B.I.G. interview]
I'm just, tryin to stay above water y'know
Just stay busy, stay workin
Puff told me like, the key to this joint
The key to staying, on top of things
is treat everything like it's your first project, knahmsayin?
Like it's your first day like back when you was an intern
Like, that's how you try to treat things like, just stay hungry

[Verse One: Jay-Z]
Uhh, uhh, yes, yes
Y'all wanna know, why he don't stop
Y'all wanna know, why he don't flop
Let me tell you pe-eople why
Came from the bottom of the block I
When I was born, it was sworn, I was never gon' be shit
Had to pull the opposite out this bitch
Had to get my ri-ide on
Eyes on the prize, Shawn knew I had to
Had to had to get these chips
Had to make moves like Olajuwon
Started out sellin dimes and nicks
Graduated to a brick
No exaggeration, my infatuation with the strip
Legendary like a schoolboy
Crushin merely nearly every every chick
Heavy shit - that's how schoolboy got whipped
And got left on some "Just +Me, Myself and I+"
On some Trugoy shit
Had your boys threw place up, to a place of no return
Had to play with fire and get burned
Only way the boy ever gon' learn
Had to lay way in the cut, 'til I finally got my turn
Now I'm on top in the spot that I earned

[Chorus]
It's my life - it's my pain and my struggle
The song that I sing to you it's my ev-ery-thing
Treat my first like my last, and my last like my first
And my thirst is the same as - when I came
It's my joy and my tears and the laughter it brings to me
It's my ev-ery-thing

[Verse Two: Jay-Z]
Like I never rode in a limo
Like I just dropped flows to a demo
Like it's ninety-two again and
And I got O's in the rental
Back in the Stu' again, no prob' livin was a whole lot simpler
When you think back, you thought that
you would never make it this far, then you
take advantage of the luck you handed
Or the talent, you been given
Ain't no, half steppin, ain't no, no slippin
Ain't no different from a block that's hidden
Gotta get it while the getting's good
Gotta strike while the iron's hot, 'fore you stop
Then you gotta bid it, good riddance
Goodbye, this is my second major breakup
My first was, with a pager
With a hooptie, a cookpot, and the GAME
This one's with the stool, with the stage, with the fortune
Maybe not the fortune, but certainly the FAME

[Chorus]
It's my life - my pain and my struggle
The song that I sing to you it's my ev-ery-thing
Treat my first like my last, and my last like my first
And my thirst is the same as - when I came
It's my joy and my tears and my laughter it brings to me
It's my ev-ery-thing
Treat my first like my last, and my last like my first
And my thirst like the first song I sang

[Outro: Jay-Z]
Woo! It's like the blues - we gon' ride out on this one
Ta-tah, be-hah
Yo Hah, 'member you was makin them dashes
for them niggaa at radio and shit?
Clark Kent, that was good lookin out nigga
Carlene - who ever thought we'd make it this far homey?
Sha, they can't stop us, knahmsayin? Lenny S
Dame whattup? Robbin the bank
Niggaz thought we was crazy man, 'member uhh
You had that fucked up ass handwritin
You was writin all the numbers that we was spendin now
for the videos we was doin ourselves, whattup?
Original Flavor, your accountant was crazy wrong and shit
But we we still put it together
Bigs, whassup? 'Member we went to St. Thomas and uh
But y'all my nizzle, your dog peed on homey leg and shit
at his crib - I think that was Rudy
And they was havin a lil trouble with the pool
You and Ta-tah was laughin
Emory was there, whattup Emory? What up Ta?
Hip-Hop, whattup man?
Ay, ay Hobb, you ain't, you ain't have no uhh
You ain't have no muh'fuckin seat on your, on your bicycle
Now you uhh, the head of black music
That's what I'm talkin bout right there homey - G, whattup G?
Yessir, e'rybody in the Roc
Hey Guru, I know you spoiled man
I be takin them shits in one take
You gon' have to punch niggaz shit, STICK IT, you gon' be tight
OG One, whattup?
I'm a little upset that you wasn't involved in this whole process
But it's all good - whassup Dash?
My whole family, my nephew, cousin Angie, whassup? Te-Tee
(B, B, B, B) Mom, you made the album, how crazy is that?
Bob Allah, rest in peace
My pops, rest in peace (Sup A.J.?)
Biggie Smalls, rest in peace
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh
Nigga, I'm bout to go golfin man
Ay, I might even have me a cappuccino, fuck it!
I'm goin somewhere nice where no mosquitos at nigga
Holla at me - it's your boy!
[Pac]
Yeah, clear enough for ya.
Why niggas look mad.
y'all supposed to be happy I'm free.
Y'all niggaz look like you wanted me to stay in jail
Old busters.

Picture me rollin' in my 500 benz.
I got no love for these niggas,
There's no need to be friends.
They got me under survailance.
That's what somebody be tellin' me.
Know theres dope being sold,
but I ain't the one sell'in
Don't want to be another number.
I got a fuckin' gang of weed to keep from goin under.
The federales wanna see me dead.
Niggas put prices on my head.
Now I got 2 rottwillers by me bed.
I feed em lead.
Now on release.
How will I live?
Will God forgive me for all the dirt a nigga did?
To feed kids.
One life to live.
It's so hard to be positive
When niggas shootin at your crib.
Mama, I'm still thuggin'
The world is a war zone.
My homies is inmates
And most of them dead grown
Full grown, finally a man
Just sceamin on ways to put some green inside the palms
Of my empty hands.
Just picture me rollin'.
Flossin a benz on rims that isn't stolen.
My dreams is scensored.
My hopes are gone.
I'm like a fiend that finally see when all the dope is gone.
My nerves is wrecked.
Heart beatin' and my hands is swollen.
Thinkin of the G's I'll be holdin.
Picture me rollin.

Can you see me now
Move to the side a little bit so you can get a clear picture
Can you see it?
Picture me rollin.
Yeah nigga
Eh, but picture how my nigga Syke duke do it.
Guess who's back?

[Syke]
I got keys comin from overseas.
Cost a nigga 200 G's.
I'm a street comando.
Nino for example.
This lavish lifestyle is hard to handle.
So I got to floss cuz I'm rollin like a boss playa.
Thug granted to be a women layer
So many playa haters, imitaters steady swangin.
Make me wanna start bank bangin.
So I'm caught up in the game.
Let's go change.
Packin 40 glocks.
Contain or rearrange.
All that jealousy and envy comin from my enemies
While I'm sippin on remy.
In front of black lexuses, chevies on the roam.
96 big bodies sittin on chrome
As we head up out the zone,
Stone facing is on.
Looking at mine but don't look too long.
I'm livin a dream with triple beams and my pockets bulgin.
It's hard to imagine.
Picture me rollin.

[Danny Boy]
Picture, picture me, picture me rollin
Rollin, picture me rollin
Wheelin, picture me rollin in
Picture me yea yeah

[CPO]
I gots to get the fuck up in.
Goin to lay a caper.
Cuz a nigga straight sufferin from lack of havin paper.
My bitch fin to have a bastard, see?
So I need to hit a lick, drastically.
I see some bald head ass niggas and they slippin in my spot
And, uh, diggin in the pots.
Check in the park, Pac.

[Pac]
We caught em sleepin.
We didn't think you niggas creepin.
This how we do it every weekend
And I dump for madness(?)
It's time to count the profit.
CPO, we got the bomb spot.
Nigga, time to clock it.
I get the liquor and you could get the females.
This crooked shit can reinflict and get the street sales.

[CPO]
Move smooth as a mother fucker, me and my 9.
I'm cool as a mother fucker, I'm a get mine.
Now we satisfied.
Got the pockets on swollen.
Boss hog and this Pac nigga.
Picture us rollin.

[Pac]
Heh, heh, heh.
Y'all ready for me?
Picture me rollin roll call.
You know there's some mother fuckers out there
I just could not forget about.
I wanna make sure they can see me.
Number one on my list: Clinton Correctional Faciluties,
All you bitch asses.
Can you niggas see me from there?
Ballin on all y'all punk ass.
Heh, ha ha!
Picture me rollin, baby.
Yeah, all you niggas up in them cell blocks,
I told yall niggas when I come home it's on.
That's right nigga, picture me rollin
Oh, I forgot....the DA(district attorney)
Yeah, that bitch had alot to talk about in court.
Can the ho see me from here?
Can you see me, ho?
Picture me rollin'.
And all you punk police, can you see me?
Am I clear to you?
Picture me rollin' nigga, legit.
Free like OJ all day
You can't stop me.
You know I got my niggas up in this mother fucker.
Noope, Pain, Syke, Rollcall, Mopreme
Can you picture us rollin?
Can you see me ho?
Is y'all ready for me .
We up out this bitch.
Any time y'all wanna see me again,
Rewind this track right here, close your eyes
And picture me rollin.
I came in the door, I said it before
I never let the mic magnatize me no more
But it's biting me, fighting me, inviting me to rhyme
I can't hold it back, I'm looking for the line,
Taking off my coat, clearing my throat
My rhyme will be kicking it until I hit my last note
My mind'll range to find all kinds of ideas
Self-esteem makes it seem like a thought took years to build
But still say a rhyme after the next one
Prepared, never scared, I'll just bless one
And you know that I'm the soloist
So Eric B, make 'em clap to this

I don't bug out or chill or be acting ill
No tricks in '86, it's time to build
Eric B easy on the cut, no mistakes allowed
Cuz to me, MC means move the crowd
I made it easy to dance to this
But can you detect what's coming next from the flex of the wrist
Saying indeed that I precede cuz my man made a mix
If he bleed he won't need no band-aid to fix
If they can get some around until there's no rhymes left

I hurry up because the cut will make 'em bleed to death
But he's kicking it because it ain't no half stepping
The party is live, the rhyme can't be kept in-
Side, it needs erupting just like a volcano
It ain't the everyday style of the same old rhyme
Because I'm better then the rest of them
Eric B is on the cut and my name is Rakim

Go get a girl and get soft and warm,
Don't get excited, you've been invited to a quiet storm
But now it's out of hand cuz you told me you hate me
And then you ask what have I done lately
First you said all you want is love and affection
Let me be your angel and I'll be your protection
Take you out, buy you all kinds of things
I must of got you too hot and burned off your wings
You caught an attitude, you need food to eat up
I'm scheming like I'm dreaming on a couch wit my feet up
You scream I'm lazy, you must be crazy
Thought I was a donut, you tried to glaze me

Funky...
girl: yeah... whoooo...shit
hmmm, whoaaa, hmm ...
Guess what?
I ain't coming in yet, i'll come in in a minute
Aiyo, this is my love song. It goes like this....

Back when Mark Wahlberg was marky mark
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to...mix hen with bacardi dark
and when it... kicks in you can hardly talk
and by the... sixth gin you gon probly crawl
and you'll be... sick then and you'll probly barf
and my pre-...diction is that you gon probably fall
either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall
and every-... things spinnin your beginning to
think women are swimmin in
pink linen again in the sink
then in a couple of minutes that bottle of guinness is finished
you are now allowed to officially slap bitches
you have the right to remain violent and start wildin
start a fight with the same guy that was smart eye'n ya
get in the car and start it and start drivin
over the island and cause a 42 car pile up
Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot, looking for life on this
planet sir, no sign of it
All i could see is a bunch of smoke flyin and
I'm so high that I might die if i go by it.
Let me out of this place I'm outta place,
I'm in in outter space, I've just
vanished without a trace.
I'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow,
I'll be back in an hour or so.

Cuz every time I go to try to leave (whoa-o-o)
someone keeps pullin on my sleeve (whoa-o-o)
I dont wanna but I gotta stay (whoa-o-o)
these drugs really gotta hold on me (whoa-o-o)
Cuz everytime I try ta tell 'em no (no-o-o)
they won't let me ever let 'em go (go-o-o)
I'm a sucker all I gotta say (whoa-o-o)
these drug's really gotta hold on me (whoa-o-o)

In third grade all I used to do, was sniff glue through a
tube and play rubixcube
Seventeen years later I'm as rude as jude
Schemein on the first chick with the hugest boobs
I got no game, and every face looks the same
they got no name, so i don't need game to play
I just say whatever I want, to whoever I want,
whenever i want, wherever I want, however I want
However I do show some respect to few
This ecstacy has got me standin next to you
Gettin sentimental as fuck, spillin guts to you
We just met, but I think I'm in love with you
But your on it too, so you tell me you love me too,
Wake up in the morning like "What the fuck we do?"
I gotta go bitch, you know I got stuff to do, Cuz if
I get caught cheatin then I'm stuck with you
But in the long run these drugs are probably gonna
catch up sooner or later
But fuck it I'm on one, so let's enjoy,
let the ex destroy your spinal chord,
so it's not a straight line no more
So we walk around lookin like some wind-up dolls,
Shit stickin out of ourbacks like a dinosaur,
Shit, six hit's won't even get me high no more,
so bye for now, I'm gonna try
to find some more

Chorus

That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow
when you swallow it all wallow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow your probably gonna wanna do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend, screw it
and whats a little bit of alcohol poisoning? and whats a little fight,
tomorrow you'll be boys again
It's your life, live it however you wanna
Marajuana is everywhere, where was you brought up?
It don't matter as long as you get where you're goin
Cuz none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin
They tell you to stop but you just sit there ignorin,
even though you wake upfeelin like shit every mornin.
But you're young, you got a lot of drugs to do,
girls to screw, parties tocrash, sucks to be you
If I could take it all back now I wouldn't,
I woulda did more shit thatpeople said that I shouldnt
But I'm all grown up now,
and upgraded and graduated to better drugs and
updated
But I still gotta a lot of growin up to do,
I still gotta whole lot ofthrowin up to spew
But when it's all said and done
i'll be forty before i know it wit a 40 on
the porch tellin stories
with a bottle of Jack, two grandkids on my lap,
babysitting for Hailie, while
Hailie's out gettin smashed.

Chorus x 2
drugs really gotta hold on me
really got a hold on me
drugs really gotta hold on me
they really got a hold on me
As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death
I take a look at my life
And realize there's nothing left
'Cause I've been blastin' and laughin' so long that,
even my mama thinks that my mind is gone
But I ain't never crossed a man that didn't deserve it
He'd betreated like a punk, you know that's unheard of
You betta watch how ya talking
And where ya walking
Or you and your homies might be lined in chalk
I really hate to trip but I gotta lope
As they croak, I see myself in the pistol smoke, fool
I'm the kinda g that little homie's wanna be like
On my knees in the night
Saying prayers in the street light

Been spending most our lives
Living in a gangsta's paradise
Been spending most our lives
Living in a gangsta's paradise

Keep spending most our lives
Living in a gangsta's paradise
Keep spending most our lives
Living in a gangsta's paradise

Look at the situation, they got me facing
I can't live a normal life, I was raised by the stripes
So I gotta be down with the hoodteam
Too much television watching, got me chasing dreams
I'm an educated fool with money on my mind
Got my tin in my hand and a gleame in my eye
I'm a loced out gangsta, set trippin banger
And my homies is down so don't arouse my anger, fool
death ain't nothing but a heartbeat away
I'm living my life do a die-er, what can I say?
I'm twenty-three now, but will I live to see twenty-four?
The way things is going I don't know.

Tell me why are we so blind to see
That the ones we hurt are you and me?

Been spending most our lives
Living in a gangsta's paradise
Been spending most our lives
Living in a gangsta's paradise

Keep spending most our lives
Living in a gangsta's paradise
Keep spending most our lives
Living in a gangsta's paradise

Power and the money, money and the power
Minute after minute, hour after hour
Everybody's running, but half of them aint lookin
What's going on in the kitchen?
But I don't know what's cooking.
They say I gotta learn
But nobody's here to teach me
If they can't understand , how can they reach me?
I guess they can't
I guess they won't, I guess they front
That's why I know my life is out of luck, fool!

Been spending most our lives
Living in a gangsta's paradise
Been spending most our lives
Living in a gangsta's paradise

Keep spending most our lives
Living in a gangsta's paradise
Keep spending most our lives
Living in a gangsta's paradise

Tell me why are we, so blind to see
That the ones we hurt, are you and me?
Tell me why are we, so blind to see
That the ones we hurt, are you and me?
(Brat)
Hot times in the funk.
(jermaine Dupri)
Yeah, So funkdafied. So lets' take a ride
With the brat-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat on that ass.
(?)
So-o,So-o,So-o Funkdafied
So-o,So-o,So-o Funkdafied
(jermaine Dupri)
Open up,open up and let the funk flow in from this nigga named J and
his new found friend.
(Brat)
I'll hit twiches like garret on a solo creep fo yo G.Its the B-R-A-T
(jermaine Dupri)
putting a dip in yo hip from right to left
(Brat)
Its that ghetto ass bitch and im so-so def.
(jermaine Dupri)
Nigga thats My click
(Brat)
Nigga thats who I rolls with
(both)
And we kicks nothin but the fat shit
(jermaine Dupri)
Them calls me the funkafied,funkalistic,vocalistic with the real shit.
(both)
We got the shit you can't fuck wit.(Why?)Because we so funkdafied.
(Why?)we make you move from side to side.
(Brat)
well its the G-H-the-E-T-T-O Nigga brat and JD coming like that big baby.
So lay backand listen as I catch up on my pimpin and freak this duet
just like Ashford and Simpson.

(?)
So-o,So-o,So-o Funkdafied
So-o,So-o,So-o Funkdafied
(Brat)
Puttin it down Puttin it down ain't no thang to me and ain't to many Ho's
that can hang with. Its like that and as a matter of fact when it comes
to the brat I got the shit that'll make yo neck snap back.What I mean
I got the shit that'll get you bent. Tearin' the roof off this motha' like
parlament.Im on a roll in controll like janet damn it.

(Jermaine Dupri)
ranch o the funk bandit and they can't handle it.

(Brat)
I know. Thats why I keep hittin them with this grammer. Lettin niggas
know that I'm the real mama-jama.(JD"Word")Straigh to the head like
a chronic sack.(JD"I passed the mike to the brat")And I passed it back.

(Jermaine Dupri)
Well-a sistas and fellas its time to get your grove on.
I proved the funkafied sound to make you move on.
(brat)
Breaking these fools off propper like.
(Jermaine Dupri)
its s-o, s-o d-e-a-f dynamite.
(Brat)
hum-in-ah,hum-in-ah,hum-in-ah, comin up at ya like Ralph K. And
since this ain't no honeymoon I'm here to stay.

(Jermaine Dupri)
And the way we comin at ya baby we cant miss
(Brat)
There's a new Tag Team in town
(Jermaine Dupri)
Nigga Woomp there it is.

(?)
So-o,So-o,So-o Funkdafied
So-o,So-o,So-o Funkdafied
(?)
So-o,So-o,So-o Funkdafied
So-o,So-o,So-o Funkdafied
(humming)
The coolest nigga, what? The coolest nigga, what?

Lord please have sympathy
And forgive my cool young history
As...

The coolest nigga, what? The coolest nigga, what?

[Verse 1]
I love the lord
But sometimes it's like that I love me more
I love the peace, and I love the war
I love the seas, and I love the shore
No love for no beach, baby that's law
But she doesn't see, therefore I spoil
I trick, I fall, run up in raw
I love her with all my heart
Every vein, every vessel, every bullet lodged
With every flower that I ever took apart
She said, that she would give me greatness, status, placement
Above the others, my face with grace covers of the magazines
Of the hustlers, paper, the likes of which
That I had never seen, her eyes glow green
With the logo of our dreams, the purpose of our scene
A obscene obsession for the bling
She would be my queen, I could be her king, together
She would make me cool, and we would both rule, forever
And I would never feel pain
And never be without pleasure, ever, again
And if the rain stops, and everything's dry
She would cry, just so I could drink the tears from her eyes
She'd teach my how to fly, even cushion my fall
If my engines ever stall, and I plummet from the sky
But she would keep me high, and if I ever die
She would commission my image on her bosom, to him
Or maybe she'd retire as well
A match made in Heaven set the fires in Hell, and I'll be

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
And so began our reign
The trinity, her and I can
No weather man could ever stand where her and I came
Hella hard, umbrella whatever, put plywood over Pella panes
And pray to God that the flood subside
'cause you're gonna need a sub 'til he does reply
And not one of Jared's, you think it's all arid
And everything's irie, another supply
That means another July inside my endless summer
That was just the eye of the Unger
Felix, 'cause he is the cleanest amongst the younger
Outstanding achieving up-and-comers
The ones that had dead-beat daddies, and well-to-do mamas
But not well enough to keep 'em from us
The ones that were, fighting in class, who might not pass
Rap record pressured to laugh, at a life not fast
Can you feel it? [echo], that's what I got asked
Do I love her? [echo], said I ain't know
Streets got my heart, game got my soul
One time missing sunshine will never hurt your soul
Quote: To a crying dishonored baby mama
Who's the mama to a daughter that I had fathered from afar
My new lady gave me a Mercedes and a necklace
With a solid gold key, like the starter of a car
The opener of a door or two pounds of raw
You gave me a baby, but what about lately?
Then ha-ha-ha-ha-haw'ed, right up in her face, G
There's more fish in the sea, I'm on my mission to be, be

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Come, these are the tales of The Cool
Guaranteed to go and make you fail from your school
And seek unholy grails like a fool
And hang with the players of the pool, fast talking on the hustle
No Heaven up above you, no Hell underneath you
And nowhere will receive thee, so
Shed no tear, when we're not here
And keep your faith, as we chase
...The Cool
[Shyne]
Now tell me who want to fuck with us?
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust
I bang - and let your fuckin brains hang, snitches
Fuck all them able bitches with riches
who carry 22's, up in they hosiery
A black teller when my father bust and unloaded me
Think he just finished sniffin a ki, and dippin the D's
Don't hate me, hate Nicky Barnes for hittin my moms
Letting the condom pop, nigga I was born in the drop
Coke boil in the pot, shake the Feds
and bust shots at them street cops
Fuck yo' point is? My point is double fours at your fuckin jaws
Pointed, hollow point shit
Four-point-six, need I say more?
Or do you get the point bitch? C'mon

What type of nigga slang and bang in the streets? (Bad Boyz)
What type of nigga stay in the Trump for weeks? (Bad Boyz)
What type of nigga fly Bentley Coupes? (Bad Boyz)
Aim for the sky, cop the shit then shoot ..

[Shyne]
Minks draggin on the floor - bangin on your whore
Suckin the croissant just examine it for flaws
Pour the Cristal on the way to trial, RICO law
got a nigga head hurtin squirtin til they pull the curtain
Let the money drip dry, hundred dollar bills
wipe the tears from my eyes, no love
Fuck y'all niggaz, hope you die a slow death
as I coke-test and see the lawyers talk of protest
Can't fuck with you weak rap niggaz, witcha gay raps
Runnin 'round talkin this and talkin that
See me in the streets, tried to give me dap
Andrew Cunanan ass niggaz
My two cannons blast niggaz, ass niggaz
Got me fucked up in the game, get your shirt stained
Keep your five mics nigga, give me the 'caine
Do the shit to clean my money dummies, gleamed the wrist out
Cop the pist-al, nigga, talk shit now, uh

What type of nigga slang and bang in the streets? (Bad Boyz)
What type of nigga stay in the Trump for weeks? (Bad Boyz)
What type of nigga fly Bentley Coupes? (Bad Boyz)
Aim for the sky, cop the shit then shoot ..

[Shyne]
Bling bling, it's a Bad Boy thing
Bullets heat-seekin, streep sweepin, with an evil grin
Watch you die, one love, one life, one Shyne
Y'all niggaz ain't sayin nothin, like a mime
Every line, I live it, I write it with a pencil so niggaz die
of lead poison if they bite it, hate it but recite it
It's a G thang, me and Puff in St. Bart's set it off
Bitches walkin topless with G-strings, menage'
Bust shots at your crew, another charge
As the gulf stream fly through the fog
Make ya popular
Pockets filled with more high notes than the opera
Franklins on top of the - Jacksons
My nigga Ty leave you tired
Bad Boy, repsect it or die, coward

What type of nigga slang and bang in the streets? (Bad Boyz)
What type of nigga stay in the Trump for weeks? (Bad Boyz)
What type of nigga fly Bentley Coupes? (Bad Boyz)
Aim for the sky, cop the shit then shoot ..

What type of nigga slang and bang in the streets? (Bad Boyz)
What type of nigga stay in the Trump for weeks? (Bad Boyz)
What type of nigga fly Bentley Coupes? (Bad Boyz)
Aim for the sky, cop the shit then shoot ..

[Barrington Levy chatting patois to fade]
whoahhaoohhH! Yeahheahhaa
Don't wanna beeeee a playahh

Intro/Chorus: Joe, Big Punisher,
{Joe}: I don't wanna be a playa no more
{Pun}: I'm not a playa I just fuck a lot
{Joe}: But Big Punisher, still got what you're lookin for
1 - {Pun} For my thugs niggas, for my thugs nigga
2 - {Pun} Uptown baby, uptown
{Joe}: Don't wanna be, don't wanna be -- I don't wanna be a playa no more
{Pun}: I'm not a playa I just fuck a lot
{Joe}: But you know Big Punisher still down by law
{Joe}: Who's down to fuck a lot
{Big Punisher}:

Hey yo I'm still not a playa but you still a hater
Elevator to the top hah, see you later, I'm gone
Penthouse suite, Penthouse freaks
In house beach, french countesse, ten thou piece
Rent-out lease, with a option to buy
Coppin a five-oh Benz for when I'm not, far up in the sky
Puffin the lye, from my Twinzito
Up in the Benzito with my Kiko from Queens, nicknamed perrico
We go back like PA's and wearin PJ's
Now we reach the peakage, runnin trains for three days
Who wanna ride it won't cost you a dollar
whether soft or harder of course you still gonna holla
My my, I'm big huh, I rip my prick through your hooters
I'm sick, you couldn't measure my dick with six rulers
Hold up, chula, I'm all about gettin loot
But I knock that boot, if you out to get hoof

Chorus:
{Big Punisher}
I love from butter pecan to black berry molass'
I don't discriminate, I regulate every shade of the ass
Long as you show class, and pass my test
Fat ass and breasts, highly intelligent bachlorettes
That's the best, I won't settle for less
I wanna get a brunette, with unforgettable sex
I lay your head on my chest, come feel my heartbeat
We can park the Jeep, pump Mobb Deep, and just spark the leaf
It's hard to creep since I found Joe
Every pretty round brown hoe wanna go down low
But this Boogie Down pro-fessional, I'ma let you know
Once I quit the blows, get your clothes, cause you got to go
out the do' downstairs, little brown hairs everywhere
(You nasty Twin) I don't care
Round here they call me Big Pun, if you with the big guns
Take time, known to make a chick cum

{Joe and Big Punisher}
In the hot tub, poppin bubb-ly
Rubbin your spot love, got you screamin Punish me
But it don't stop, watch the Pun get wicked
When I stick even Luke be like "Don't stop, get it get it"
(repeat 2X)

Chorus: w/o Big Punisher
{Joe}
Boriqua, morena, boriqua, morena (3X)
No more rollin with an entourage
Unless it's Pun and the Terror Squad
Punisher, Punisher, Big Punisher
Punisher... Joe and Big Punisher

Boriqua, morena, boriqua, morena (6X)
[2Pac *singing in background* 2X]
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin at me
But they can't do nuttin to a G

(Let's get ready to ruuumbllle!!)

[2Pac *speaking over background*]
Now you know how we do it like a G
What really go on in the mind of a nigga
that get down for theirs
Constantly, money over bitches

[2Pac *singing in background starts to overlap/repeat*]
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
Got the police bustin at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah
Police bustin at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah /
Got the police bustin at me
I won't deny it, I'm a straight ridah..

[2Pac *speaking over background*]
Not bitches over money
Stay on your grind nigga
My ambitions as a ridah!
My ambitions as a ridah!

[2Pac]
So many battlefield scars while driven in plush cars
This life as a rap star is nothin without heart
Was born rough and rugged, addressin the mad public
My attitude was, Fuck it, cause motherfuckers love it
To be a soldier, must maintain composure at ease
Though life is complicated, only what you make it to be
Uhh, and my ambitions as a ridah to catch her
while she hot, and horny, go up inside her
Then I spit some game in her ear, Go to the tele hoe
You put what money in a Benz, cause bitch I'm barely broke
I'm smokin bomb-ass weed feelin crucial
From player to player, the game's tight, the feeling's mutual
From hustlin and prayers, to breakin motherfuckers to pay-up
I got no time for these bitches, cause these hoes tried to play us
I'm on a meal-ticket mission, want a mil', so I'm wishin
Competition got me ripped, on that bullshit they stressin (boo-yaa!)
I'ma rhyme though, clown hoes like it's manditory
No guts no glory my nigga bitch got the game distorted
Now it's on and it's on because I said so
Can't trust a bitch in the bidness so I got with Death Row
Now these money hungry bitches gettin suspicious
Started plottin and plannin on schemes, to come and trick us
But Thug niggaz be on point and game tight (yeah)
Me, Syke and Bogart, wrap it up the same night
Got problems then handle it, motherfuckers see me
These niggaz is jealous cause deep in they heart they wanna be me
Uhh, yeah, and now ya got me right beside ya
Hopin you listen I catch you payin attention
to my amibitions as a ridah

Chorus: 2Pac

[singing] I won't deny it, I'ma straight ridah
You don't wanna fuck with me
[singing] My ambitions as a ridah
[singing] Got the police bustin at me
But they can't do nuttin to a G

[Tupac]
(I won't deny it, I'ma straight ridah)
Peep it.. it was my only wish to rise
above these jealous coward mutherfuckers I despise
When it's time to ride, I was the first off this side, give me the nine
I'm ready to die right here tonight, and motherfuck they life (yeah nigga!)
That's what they screamin as they drill me, but I'm hard to kill
So open fire, I see you kill me (that's all you niggaz got?) witness my steel
Spittin at adversaries envious and after me
I'd rather die before they catchin me, watch me bleed
Mama come rescue me I'm suicidal thinkin thoughts
I'm innocent, so there'll be bullets flyin when I'm caught
(Shoot!) Fuck doin jail time, better day, sacrifice
Won't get a chance to do me like they did my nigga Tyson
Thuggin for life and if you right then nigga die for it
Let them other brothers try, at least you tried for it
When it's time to die to be a man you pick the way you leave
Fuck peace and the police, my ambitions as a ridah

Chorus

[Tupac]
My murderous lyrics equipped with spirits of the Thugs before me
Pay off the block evade the cops cause I know they comin for me
I been hesitant to reappear, been away for years
Now I'm back my adversaries been reduced to tears
Question my methods to switch up speeds, sure as some bitches bleeds
niggaz'll feel the fire of my mother's corrupted seed
Blast me but they didn't finish, (buck buck buck buck buck)
didn't diminish my powers
so now I'm back to be a motherfuckin menace, they cowards
That's why they tried to set me up
Had bitch-ass niggaz on my team, so indeed, they wet me up
But I'm back reincarnated, incarcerated
At the time I caught the perfect way that God made it
Lace em with lyrics that's legendary, musical mercenary
For money, I'll have these motherfuckers buried (I been)
gettin much mail in jail, niggaz tellin me to kill it
Knowin when I get out, they gon' feel it
Witness the realest, a whoridah when I put the shit inside
the cry from all your people when they find her
Just remind ya, my history'll prove I been it
Revenge on them niggaz that played me,
and all the cowards that was down widdit
Now it's yo' nigga right beside ya
Hopin you listenin, catch you payin attention
to my ambitions as a ridah

Chorus 2.5X
*Lord Jazz cuts and scratches 'Chief Rocka'*

Verse One: Mr. Funke

Boom shaka laka yo here comes the Chief Rocka
Rock it down so jump up off the tip you're not my nucca
For sharper type to battle make the people say ooh ahh
Think I won't curse I'll break down and say puta
?Hey madrigon sesa me bichafi mi chocha?
Say what I want because I'm that type of guy
Now fam a lam I'll be damned, slam jams the weak
Could it be the skunk weed that makes us oh so funky?
Now hold it let me choose, couldn't be the booze
No it's the shoes (the shoes?) It's gotta be the shoes!
Cause girlies, they clock, they stand around and jock
so I say boom shaka lak, grab the microphone then rock
?To think I'm the troop, when on the mic?
?I'll say it, it ain't the shows kid?
?Like drunk and a grump and sound over some uhhhh!?
The Cat in the Hat and the mouse ran up the stairs
"That doesn't make no sense!" C'mon who cares?
See even without the gift there's yours so don't be tryin to knock me
I say what I want to say, as long it sounds funk
Some MC's wanted to buy me, so they try to take stands
But they don't understand, I'm the motherfuckin man
I amaze and astound, rhythm up and down
Smack a group of them around, let them know who wears the crown
Who's-the-tip-of-the-top, the-cream-of-the-crop, the-best-under-the-sun?
I'm the Lord Chief Rocka, number one, Mr. Funke, uhh

Verse Two: DoItAll

Well umm, boom, shak-a-lak, I got the flavors, the funk
Whew! And it's smellin up the hip-hop
A little bit of this, a little bit of that
Mixed a, little of this, and now I gotta rap
I'm the, Chief Rocka, so I guess I am in charge
I freak it with a twist so you'll boom it in your cars
I'm the, one with the flow and the grip like G.I. Joe
I snatch, I grab, and then I grab the dough, see if
I was an Indian I'd still be the Chief
The only other difference I'd smoke weed in a leaf
To the hip, the hop, to the hibby to the hibbidy
hip-hop, oh no, I don't wanna go pop!
I got, too much soul, rhythm and blues
R&amp;B ya see, all that's cool, but
hip-hop and rap yeah that's where my heart's at
Even back when I used to break on a box
Backspins for backspin, even while I'm rappin
Before I had a record, I always kept em clappin
Freestylin on the block, now I Chief Rock
I always entertain, by diggin in my crux
My brain, so if it's gonna rain let it rain
I spook you with the hit, make you jump like House of Pain
Boogaloo boogaloo, shake and jump
And remember, remember, Chief Rocka won't front

*Lord Jazz cuts 'The Lord Chief Rocka, number one Chief Rocka' 4X*

Verse Three: DoItAll, Mr. Funke

[DIA] Ay Mr. Funke
[MrF] Whassup?
[DIA] Can I get assistance?
[MrF] For what?
[DIA] For what? Yo Jazz, flex a cut
Well back is the backer, I'm chillin with my knocker
And if ya got beef, then you can live with Jimmy Hoffa like
[duo] what goes up, must come down
[DIA] But not me clown
I cut em, crack a speaker when I'm pumpin
So jump in, and watch your earrrs start hummin
through the block, and don't forget to boom shak shak-a-lak
[MrF] Well damn DoItAll can I rock?
I hear a beat I grab the mic, and then I start this workin
The kids around the way used to think that I was buggin
But they don't understand how I feel about the funk
I walk with the funk, I talk with the funk
I eat with the funk, I sleep with the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
So now what do they say, when I'm walkin up the block?
Boom shaka laka there goes the Chief Rocka

*Lord Jazz does his thing again until fade*
You can do what you want just seize the day
What you're doing tomorrow's gonna come your way
Don't you ever consider givin' up, you will find, oooh

It's a beautiful life, oh oh ooo
It's a beautiful life, oh oh ooo
It's a beautiful life, oh oh ooo
I just wanna be here beside you
And stay until the break of dawn

Take a walk in the park when you feel down
There's so many things there
that's gonna lift you up
See the nature in bloom a laughing child
Such a dream, oooh

It's a beautiful life, oh oh ooo
It's a beautiful life, oh oh ooo
It's a beautiful life, oh oh ooo
I just wanna be here beside you
I just wanna be here beside you
and stay until the break of dawn

You're looking for somewhere to belong
You're standing all alone
for someone to guide you on your way
Now and Forever

It's a beautiful life, oh oh ooo
It's a beautiful life, oh oh ooo
It's a beautiful life, oh oh ooo
I just wanna be anybody

Living in different ways
It's a beautiful life
I'm gonna take you to a place I've never been
before oh yeah
It's a beautiful life
I'm gonna take you in my arms and fly away
with you tonight

It's a beautiful life, oooh
It's a beautiful life, oooh

It's a beautiful life, oooh
It's a beautiful life, oooh
It's a beautiful life, oooh
It's a beautiful life
[x2]
It's like a jungle sometimes
It makes me wonder how I keep from goin' under
It's like a jungle sometimes
It makes me wonder how I keep from goin' under

Broken glass everywhere
People pissin' on the stairs, you know they just don't care
I can't take the smell, can't take the noise
Got no money to move out, I guess I got no choice
Rats in the front room, roaches in the back
Junkies in the alley with a baseball bat
I tried to get away but I couldn't get far
'cuz a man with a tow truck repossessed my car

Don't push me 'cuz I'm close to the edge
I'm trying not to lose my head
Uh huh ha ha ha
It's like a jungle sometimes
It makes me wonder how I keep from goin' under

Standin' on the front stoop hangin' out the window
Watchin' all the cars go by, roarin' as the breezes blow
Crazy lady, livin' in a bag
Eatin' outta garbage pails, used to be a fag hag
Said she'll dance the tango, skip the light fandango
A Zircon princess seemed to lost her senses
Down at the peep show watchin' all the creeps
So she can tell her stories to the girls back home
She went to the city and got social security
She had to get a pimp, she couldn't make it on her own

Don't push me 'cuz I'm close to the edge
I'm trying not to lose my head
Uh huh ha ha ha

It's like a jungle sometimes
It makes me wonder how I keep from goin' under
It's like a jungle sometimes
It makes me wonder how I keep from goin' under

My brother's doin' bad, stole my mother's TV
Says she watches too much, it's just not healthy
&amp;quot;All My Children&amp;quot; in the daytime, &amp;quot;Dallas&amp;quot; at night
Can't even see the game or the Sugar Ray fight
The bill collectors, they ring my phone
and scare my wife when I'm not home
Got a bum education, double-digit inflation
Can't take the train to the job, there's a strike at the station
Neon King Kong standin' on my back
Can't stop to turn around, broke my sacroiliac
A mid-range migraine, cancered membrane
Sometimes I think I'm goin' insane
I swear I might hijack a plane!

Don't push me 'cuz I'm close to the edge
I'm trying not to lose my head
It's like a jungle sometimes
It makes me wonder how I keep from goin' under
It's like a jungle sometimes
It makes me wonder how I keep from goin' under

My son said, Daddy, I don't wanna go to school
'cuz the teacher's a jerk, he must think I'm a fool
And all the kids smoke reefer, I think it'd be cheaper
if I just got a job, learned to be a street sweeper
Or dance to the beat, shuffle my feet
Wear a shirt and tie and run with the creeps
'cuz it's all about money, ain't a damn thing funny
You got to have a con in this land of milk and honey
They pushed that girl in front of the train
Took her to the doctor, sewed her arm on again
Stabbed that man right in his heart
Gave him a transplant for a brand new start
I can't walk through the park 'cuz it's crazy after dark
Keep my hand on my gun 'cuz they got me on the run
I feel like a outlaw, broke my last glass jaw
Hear them say &amp;quot;You want some more?&amp;quot;
Livin' on a see-saw

Don't push me 'cuz I'm close to the edge
I'm trying not to lose my head
Say what?

It's like a jungle sometimes
It makes me wonder how I keep from goin' under
It's like a jungle sometimes
It makes me wonder how I keep from goin' under

It's like a jungle sometimes
It makes me wonder how I keep from goin' under

It's like a jungle sometimes
It makes me wonder how I keep from goin' under

A child is born with no state of mind
Blind to the ways of mankind
God is smilin' on you but he's frownin' too
Because only God knows what you'll go through
You'll grow in the ghetto livin' second-rate
And your eyes will sing a song called deep hate
The places you play and where you stay
Looks like one great big alleyway
You'll admire all the number-book takers
Thugs, pimps and pushers and the big money-makers
Drivin' big cars, spendin' twenties and tens
And you'll wanna grow up to be just like them, huh
Smugglers, scramblers, burglars, gamblers
Pickpocket peddlers, even panhandlers
You say I'm cool, huh, I'm no fool
But then you wind up droppin' outta high school
Now you're unemployed, all non-void
Walkin' round like you're Pretty Boy Floyd
Turned stick-up kid, but look what you done did
Got sent up for a eight-year bid
Now your manhood is took and you're a Maytag
Spend the next two years as a undercover fag
Bein' used and abused to serve like hell
'til one day, you was found hung dead in the cell
It was plain to see that your life was lost
You was cold and your body swung back and forth
But now your eyes sing the sad, sad song
Of how you lived so fast and died so young so...

Don't push me 'cuz I'm close to the edge
I'm trying not to lose my head
Uh huh huh huh huh

It's like a jungle sometimes
It makes me wonder how I keep from goin' under
Huh, uh huh huh huh huh
It's like a jungle sometimes
It makes me wonder how I keep from goin' under
Huh, uh huh huh huh huh
&amp;amp;quot;It's yours!&amp;amp;quot; --&amp;amp;gt; T La Rock

Chorus: Nas, Pete Rock
[PR] Whose world is this?
[Nas] The world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
"It's yours!"
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
[Nas] The world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?

I sip the Dom P, watchin Gandhi til I'm charged
Then writin in my book of rhymes, all the words pass the margin
To hold the mic I'm throbbin, mechanical movement
Understandable smooth shit that murderers move wit
The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right
The fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe
The mind activation, react like I'm facin time like
'Pappy' Mason with pens I'm embracin
Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets
Suede Timb's on my feets, makes my cypher, complete
Whether crusin in a six-cab, or Montero Jeep
I can't call it, the beats make me fallin asleep
I keep fallin, but never fallin six feet deep
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?)
I'm out for dead presidents to represent me

[PR] Whose world is this?
[Nas] The world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
[PR] Whose world is this?
[Nas] The world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this? "It's yours!"
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
[Nas] The world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?

To my man Ill Will, God bless your life "It's yours!"
To my peoples throughout Queens, God bless your life
I trip we box up crazy bitches aimin guns in all my baby pictures
Beef with housin police, release scriptures that's maybe Hitler's
Yet I'm the mild, money gettin style, rollin foul
The versatile, honey stickin wild, golden child
Dwellin in the Rotten Apple, you get tackled
Or caught by the devil's lasso, shit is a hassle
There's no days, for broke days, we sell it, smoke pays
While all the old folks pray, to Je-sus' soakin they sins in trays
of holy water, odds against Nas are slaughter
Thinkin a word best describin my life, to name my daughter
My strength, my son, the star, will be my resurrection
Born in correction all the wrong shit I did, he'll lead a right direction
How ya livin large, a broker charge, cards are mediocre
You flippin coke or playin spit spades in strip poker

"It's yours!"

Chorus: Nas, Pete Rock

[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
[PR] Whose world is this?
[Nas] The world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this? "It's yours!"
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
[Nas] Yo, the world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this? "It's yours!"
[PR] Break it down

*Pete Rock cuts and scratches "It's yours!"*

I'm the young city bandit, hold myself down singlehanded
For murder raps, I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded
Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne
I'm deep by sound alone, caved inside in a thousand miles from home
I need a new nigga, for this black cloud to follow
Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow
Trying to maintain, I flip, fill the clip to the tip
Picturin my peeps, now the end could make my heartbeat skip
and I'm amped up, they locked the champ up, even my brain's in handcuffs
Headed for Indiana stabbin women like the Phantom
The crew is lampin big Willie style
Check the chip toothed smile, plus I profile wild
Stash through the flock wools, burnin dollars to light my stove
Walk the blocks wit a bop, checkin Danes plus the games
people play, bust the problems of the world today

"It's yours!"

Chorus: Nas, Pete Rock

[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
[PR] Whose world is this?
[Nas] The world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this? "It's yours!"
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this?
[Nas] Yeah... the world is yours, the world is yours
[PR] It's mine, it's mine, it's mine
Whose world is this? "It's yours!"
Break it down

Yea aight?
To everybody in Queens, the foundation "It's yours!"
The world is yours
To everybody uptown, yo, the world is yours "It's yours!"
The world is yours
To everybody in Brooklyn
Y'all know the world is yours "It's yours!"
The world is yours
Everbody in Mount Vernon, the world is yours "It's yours!"
Long Island, the world is yours "It's yours!"
Staten Island, yea the world is yours "It's yours!"
South Bronx, the world is yours "It's yours!"
Aight

*Pete Rock keeps cuttin and scratchin "It's yours!" to fade*

}}
Uhh, what, what, uhh..

Chorus: Nas (set to Eurythmics "Sweet Dreams")

Street dreams are made of these
Niggaz push Beemers and 300 E's
A drug dealer's destiny is reachin a key
Everybody's lookin for somethin..
Street dreams are made of these
Shorties on they knees, for niggaz with big G's
Who am I to disagree?
Everybody's lookin for somethin..

[Nas]
My man put me up for the share, one-fourth of a square
Headed for Delaware, with one change of gear
Nothin on my mind but the dime sack we blazed
with the glaze in my eye, that we find when we crave
dollars and cents, a fugitive with two attempts
Jakes had no trace of the face, now they drew a print
Though I'm innocent, til proven guilty
I'ma try to filthy, purchase a club and start up realty
For real G, I'ma fullfill my dream
If I conceal my scheme, then precisely I'll build my cream
the first trip without the clique
Sent the bitch with the quarter brick, this is it
Fresh face, NY plates got a Crooked I for the Jakes
I want it all, ArmorAll Benz and endless papes
God sake, what nigga got to do to make a half million
without the FBI catchin feelings

Chorus

[Nas]
From fat cat to papi, niggaz see the cat
Twenty-five to flat, push a thousand feet back
Holdin gats wasn't making me fat, snitches on my back
Livin with moms, gettin it on, flushin crack down the toilet
Two sips from bein alcoholic
Nine hundred ninety nine thou from bein rich but now I'm all for it
My man saw it like Dionne Warwick
A wiser team, for a wiser dream we could all score with
The cartel Argentina coke with the nina
Up in the hotel, smokin on sessamina
Trina got the fishscale between her
The way the bitch shook her ass yo the dogs never seen her
She got me back livin sweeter, fresh Caesar
Guess, David Robinson's, Walle' moccasins
Bitches blow me while hoppin in the drop-top BM
Word is bond son, I had that bitch down on my shit like this

Chorus

[Nas]
Growin up project-struck, lookin for luck dreamin
Scopin the large niggaz beamin, check what I'm seein
Cars, ghetto stars pushin ill Europeans
G'n, heard about them old timers OD'n
Young, early 80's, throwin rocks at the crazy lady
Worshippin every word them rope rockin niggaz gave me
The street raised me up, givin a fuck
I thought Jordan's and a gold chain was livin it up
I knew the dopes, the pushers, the addicts everybody
Cut out of class, just to smoke blunts and drink naughty
Ain't that funny? Gettin put on to crack money
With all the gunplay, paintin the kettle black hungry
A case of beers in the staircase I wasted years
Some niggaz went for theirs, flippin coke as they career
But I'm a rebel stressin, to pull out of the heat no doubt
With Jeeps tinted out, spendin never holdin out

Chorus 2X
(feat. Rappin 4-Tay)

[Intro: 2Pac]

Only God can judge me, is that right?
[synth voice] Only God can judge me now
Only God baby, nobody else, nobody else
All you other motherfuckers get out my business

[Verse One: 2Pac]

Perhaps I was blind to the facts, stabbed in the back
I couldn't trust my own homies just a bunch a dirty rats
Will I, succeed, paranoid from the weed
And hocus pocus try to focus but I can't see
And in my mind I'ma blind man doin time
Look to my future cause my past, is all behind me
Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine?
Everybody's dyin tell me what's the use of tryin
I've been Trapped since birth, cautious, cause I'm cursed
And fantasies of my family, in a hearse
And they say it's the white man I should fear
But, it's my own kind doin all the killin here
I can't lie, ain't no love for the other side
Jealousy inside, make em wish I died
Oh my Lord, tell me what I'm livin for
Everybody's droppin got me knockin on heaven's door
And all my memories, of seein brothers bleed
And everybody grieves, but still nobody sees
Recollect your thoughts don't get caught up in the mix
Cause the media is full of dirty tricks
Only God can judge me

[Chorus: 2Pac]

[synth voice] Only God can judge me
That's right baby, yeah baby
[synth voice] Only God
Hahahahahahahaha
[synth + Pac] Only God can judge me, only God can judge
[synth cont.] me, only God
Only God can judge me
[synth + Pac] Only God can judge me
And only God can
[synth voice] Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
[synth + Pac] Only God can judge me
Only God can judge me
[synth voice] Only God can judge me, only God
Only God can judge me
[synth voice] Only God can judge me now

[heart monitor: long beep]
Flatline!

[Verse Two: 2Pac]

I hear the doctor standing over me [heart monitor: beeping slowly]
screamin I can make it
Got a body full of bullet holes layin here naked
Still I, can't breathe, somethings evil in my IV
Cause everytime I breathe, I think they killin me [beeping sound stops]
I'm having nightmares, homicidal fantansies
I wake up stranglin, danglin my bed sheets
I call the nurse cause it hurts, to reminisce
How did it come to this? I wish they didn't miss
Somebody help me, tell me where to go from here
Cause even Thugs cry, but do the Lord care?
Try to remember, but it hurts
I'm walkin through the cemetary talkin to the, dirt
I'd rather die like a man, than live like a coward
There's a ghetto up in Heaven and it's ours, Black Power
is what we scream as we dream in a paranoid state
And our fate, is a lifetime of hate
Dear Mama, can you save me? And fuck peace
Cause the streets got our babies, we gotta eat
No more hesitation each and every black male's trapped
And they wonder why we suicidal runnin round strapped
Mista, Po-lice, please try to see that it's
a million motherfuckers stressin just like me
Only God can judge me

[Chorus w/ variations]

[Interlude: 2Pac]

That which does not kill me can only make me stronger
(That's for real)
and I don't see why everybody feel as though
that they gotta tell me how to live my life
(You know?)
Let me live baby, let me live

[Verse Three: Rappin 4-Tay, Tupac]

Pac I feel ya, keep servin it on the reala
For instance say a playa hatin mark is out to kill ya
Would you be wrong, for buckin a nigga to the pavement?
He gon' get me first, if I don't get him fool start prayin
Ain't no such thing as self-defense in the court of law
So judge us when we get to where we're goin wearin a cross, that's real
Got him, lurked him, crept the fuck up on him
Sold a half a million tapes now everybody want him
After talkin behind my back like a bitch would
Tellin them niggaz, "You can fade him," punk I wish you would
It be them same motherfuckers in your face that'll rush up in your place
to get your safe, knowin you on that paper chase
Grass, glass, big screen and leather couch
My new shit is so fetti already sold a key of ounce
Bitch, remember Tupac and 4-Tay
Them same two brothers dodgin bullets representin the Bay
Pac when you was locked down, that's when I'll be around
Start climbing up the charts, so sick, but they tried to clown
That's why they ride the bandwagon still be draggin sellin lies
Don't think I don't see you haters, I know you all in disguise

Guess you figure you know me cause I'm a Thug
That love to hit the late night club, drink then buzz
Been livin lavish like a player all day
Now I'm bout to floss em off, player shit with 4-Tay
Only God can judge me

[Chorus w/ variations]

[4Tay] Only God main
[2Pac] That right?
[4Tay] That's real
[2Pac] Hahahahahaha
[4Tay] Fuck everybody else, yaknowhatI'msayin?
[2Pac] Man, look here man
My only fear of death is comin back to this bitch reincarnated
That's for the homey mental
We up out

[Chorus w/out 2Pac continues to fade]
(Chorus)
i know i shouldn't did that
i know it's gon' come right back
i know it's gon' destroy everything i made
it's probably gon' get you boys sent away
but this game i play ain't no way to fix it
it's inevitable and I'm falling

(verse 1{?})
said that i would've stop be-fore i even started
when i get to one brick, than the game i would depart with
got to one brick then i looked to the sky
like, sorry God i lied but give me one more try
got to two bricks new cars new whips
but, niggas never learn 'till they end up in the news clip
the irony of selling drugs is sort of like you using it
guess theres two sides to what, substance abuse is
can't stop won't stop innocents new shit
brand new convertibles im so ruthless
front row fight night see how big my tube is
fuck HD nigga see how clear my view is {Fallin'}
but theres a price for over doing it
doing it this big'll put you on the map
stick up kids is house attacks
plus the FBI boys with the cameras in the back
damn

(chorus)
i know i shouldn't did that
i know it's gon' come right back
i know it's gon' destroy everything I made
it's probably gon' get you boys sent away
but this game i play ain't no way to fix it
it's inevitable

(Verse 2{?})
now your {falling} when you should've fell back
now your {falling} right into they lap

fallin they applaud and they screaming at the screen
damn you fucked up like their favorite movie scene
Godfather, Good Fellas, Scarface, Casino
you've seen what that last run did to Deniro
when he can't beat the odds can't seek the card
can't blow too hard life's a deck of cards
now your tumbling is humbling you fall and your mumbling
under your breathe like you knew this day was coming {falling}
now lets pray that arm candy that you left you eX for a stay down'll come in handy
cause come January it gets cold and your letters start to slow and your conversary's low
when your lawyer screens appeal only thinking 'bout a bill
and your chances are a mil damn gravity's ill

(chorus)
i know i shouldn't did that
i know it's gon' come right back
i know it's gon' destroy everything i made
it's probably gon' get you boys sent away
but this game i play ain't no way to fix it
it's inevitable

(Verse 3 {?})
but your {falling} and you cant get up
all you do is push up, pull up sit up
lock down the town now belongs to the squares
who said they won't make the same mistakes that got you there
and your arm candy sweet on 'em and the woman
that you left with is ever got a college degree coming
bad news keeps coming hard to keep something on your stomach
your sick 'bout what you life is be-coming {falling}
but you use to has beens bragging bad 'bout all the new grooves talking stuff on the youtube
'bout what you use to do, but thats old school
to the new crew they doing numbers like sudoku
build a new you, and it's damn near inevitable they'll experience deja vu too
fight and you'll never survive, run and you'll never escape
so just fall for grace

(chorus)
i know i shouldn't did that
i know it's gon' come right back
i know it's gon' destroy everything i made
it's probably gon' get you boys sent away
but this game i play aint no way to fix it
it's inevitable and im fallin'
All the rain came down
On a cold new town
As he carried you away
From your father's hand
That always seemed like a fist
Reaching out to make you pay

He came like a hero from the factory floor
With the sun and moon as gifts
But the only son you ever saw
Were the two he left you with

Oh Lord where did the feeling go
Oh Lord I never felt so low

Now the skirts hang so heavy around your head
That you never knew you were young
Because you played chance with a lifetime's romance
And the price was far too long

Oh Lord where did the feeling go
Oh Lord I never felt so low

Oh Lord where did the feeling go
Oh Lord I never felt so low

Oh Lord where did the feeling go
Oh Lord I never felt so low

Oh Lord where did the feeling go
Oh Lord I never felt so low

Oh Lord where did the feeling go
Oh Lord I never felt so low
Chorus:
Do you wanna ride
In the backseat of a Caddy
Chop it up with Do or Die

Verse One:
Seven double oh P.M. fly low to them hoes in the B-M
Sippin Seagram, chewin on a weed stem
Touchin on my fo' fin
Move it to the back so I can see who beepin this Po Pimp
Spring to the phone with a slow limp
In a trip that shitted with 3-1-2-7-6-2-10
Three line connection, as the rest of them wanted affection
Just bring the weed, we got the drinks you need
And plus we strapped with two protections
I put the phone in the hook, then I pause for a minute
Cause I forgot where I met the hoe
And the feeling I've forgotten if the hoes wanna snap
I straight up check the hoe, really doe, to the crib
(rpt 1)

Verse Two:
Seven deuce five, the ride the point to spot the live hoes
Three miles per hour, like we runnin up on some ri-vals
Never to deny though, these bitches look fly 'Lo
Introduce myself, a to the motherfuckin K finna recognize
Then I loose myself juice myself
As you take one pull, uhh, pass it to the left and umm
Self-centered niggaz'll take two pulls
'Cuz they thinkin about samplin umm
P-I, M-P, ology, but logically
We're learnin' these hoes biology, and obviously, well...

Mmm, ain't this some shit, pull up in the C-A
D-I, Double-L, with ah A-C, A-C hoes
They peep those, P-I, M-P, and they think that automatically
Cause he's a pimp, he gotta be, full of that
M-O, N-E, but why?
Cause nigga be sportin nice cars and fancy clothes
Fresh jewels Girbaud flexin one five oh (chop chop)
Chop up that paper hoe, chop up that paper hoe
Watch where your lips go, caress my tip slow
To the tempo, instrumental
Real simple when you fuckin with a pimp doe
Get involved in the backseat
Let's have me in the cab betcha mess with ya young ass
Smokin on that finest grass
Never miss what you never had, at last
P-I, M-P, ology, but logically
We learnin these hoes biology, and obviously, well...
(rpt 1)

Verse Three:
Well a motherfucker might be broke and shit
and then collecting no dough from tips
But I be spittin mo' game than a mouthful of poker chips
to get them hoes with the Oprah lips and the provokin hips
and never gotta tell her many lies
I been lookin in the city skies, get up in the kitty's thighs
cause I'm blessed with a look of innocence, good sex
peanut butter complex and some pretty eyes
Pity cries on my strategy side, yo when outta me gotta be
right, that'd be the flatter me right
But if the head the bonk c'mon suck a nigga dick
Members of my click, wanna see what that'd be like
I know you wanna try it out, to the rhythm of a high hat
Don't be bogus and deny that
I done got a hold of dem my fellas on the train
while she lie back, now motherfucker can you bow down?
Where your ride at? On the passenger side of your hoes
Tryin ta come up on another G
The broad all up under me tryin ta smother me
Lookin love-ly while I roll another bead, suddenly
She learned that I don't deal with emotions
But when we in the room she rubbin me with lotion
Comin' like an ocean coastin have a cig thinking
Me and Do or Die dig drinkin love potion
The word that was never said
Twisted be givin women dick in the bed
Until they sick in the head, and if I ever leave whoever dead
They ain't trickin the Feds or spittin' game
But it's chicken and bread
Kickin them legs in the air like a playa do
Then be little in a day or two
After words I'm slay a crew, now that's some pimp type shit
That B-Low and AK'll do, wearing gray and blue
If a hoe wanna holler then you a playa if you hit them ends
and get the dividends but you a pimp if you can get
The same hoe to wanna freak your friends
'Cause I studied P-I, M-P, ology, but logically
Be learnin these hoes biology, obviously, well...
(rpt 1)
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Oooh
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Oooh
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava

I met this fly girl in a club
Went by the name of Pecan Deluxe
This ice-cream was high maintenance
When I took her out, nearly cost me twenty bucks
I met this chick named Walnut Whip
Nearly made me sick to the point of throwing up
So I called Chocolate Chip
With the sweet toffee crisp and I still can't get enough

You're what I want (uh)
You're what I need (come on)
I wanna taste ya (taste ya)
And take you home with me
You look so good (oh)
Good enough to eat
I wonder if I could peel your wrapper
I could be your fantasy

Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Oooh
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Oooh
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava

Uh, I take them in the middle of July
With the drop top down and the park when its simmering
These ice creams looking so fly that I just can't lie
It all seems too bewildering
They got these grown men running round
Screaming out, acting worse than children
But who flow better
Know better
Stack cheddar
Get more tongues wetter
Than this ice-cream veteran?

You're what I want (ow)
You're what I need (you're what I need)
I wanna taste ya (taste ya)
And take you home with me (take ya home with me)
You look so good (you look so good)
Good enough to eat
I wonder if I could peel your wrapper
I could be your fantasy

Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Oooh
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Oooh
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava

Girl, whats your flava
Whats your flava, whats your flava
Tell me whats your flava
Tell me whats your...

Hey, I'm taking them apple and cinnamon
Girls, I'm feeling them can't stop licking them
Thats why they got me dribbling
Hot fudge sauce and its all over my Timberlands
I take them caramel with a hint of vanilla
With a little chocolate sprinklings
They make me spend my dividends
These sweet things make me feel like a kid again

You're what I want (ow)
You're what I need (you're what I need)
I wanna taste ya (taste ya)
And take you home with me (take ya home with me)
You look so good (you look so good)
Good enough to eat
I wonder if I could peel your wrapper
I could be your fantasy

Whats your flava? (come on)
Tell me whats your flava (mmm)
Oooh
Whats your flava? (yeah)
Tell me whats your flava (i wanna taste ya)
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
Oooh
Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
(Tell me whats your flava)

I want chocolate girl
I want toffee girl
I want vanilla girl
To rock my world

Whats your flava?
Tell me whats your flava
[Hittman]
Xxplosive, West coast shit
My nigguh-ish ways attract, girls that used to turn they back
Causin me to yank they arm and pose like I would do the harm
Now I'm sayin thank you cause they tell me, my shit's the bomb
Xxplosive.. ..for my niggaz drinkin Cognac, smokin weed, always pack
mo' than one, firearm, chrome rims, ridin on
Chronic in yo' system, let me know, my shit's the bomb - Xxplosive..

[Kurupt]
West coast shit nigga
Overdosage - imperial pistols ferocious
Fuck a bitch; don't tease bitch, strip tease bitch
Eat a bowl of these bitch, gobble the dick
Hoes forgot to eat a dick can shut the fuck up!
Gobble and swallow a nut up, shut up and get my cash
Backhanded, pimpslapped backwards and left stranded
Just pop ya collar, pimp convention hoes for a dollar
Six-Deuce in a plush, six-deuce impala
Pimpin hoes from Texas to Guatemala
Bitch niggaz paid for hoes, just to lay wit hoes
Relax one night, and paid to stay wit hoes
Captain Save'Em all day (bitch) well save this dick
Bitch nigga, you more of a bitch than a bitch
You ain't into hittin pussy, or hittin the switch
You into hittin bitches off of the grip, you punk bitch

[Nate Dogg]
All my real Doggs still kick it wit me
All my down hoes still trickin wit me
All the true gangstas know
Nate ain't never love no hoe
All the hoodrats still shake it for me
All my true fans still checkin for me
All the real smokers know
They ain't passin nuttin but dope indeed...
Real trees...
Chronic leaves...
No seeds...

When I had you last night, baby
Before - I blew yo' mind, (blew-blew-blew your mind)
I thought we had a chance, lady
No more - now that I'm sober you ain't that fine
Hmmm-hmmmhmmmm...
Don't wanna treat you wrong
Don't wanna lead you on
Here baby, hit the bong
while the west coast rolls along
While we - still makin gangsta hits
You'll be - still jockin gangsta dicks
Damn girl you think you slick
Somebody better get this biiitch, this biiiitch

[Six-Two]
I got these freaky hoes
Clappin they hands, stompin they feet
Every now and then they put they mouth on me
Nowadays a G like me can't even call it
A 23-year old pussy fiend and freakaholic
Pimpin bitches on the regular, I put that on the G
A hustler and a player, nowadays it pays to be
Lemme drop some shit about this bitch I used to know
She gave ya boy the head and said don't let nobody know
A bonafide pro, I had to grab the hoe
She got freaky in yo' sixty-fo', I skeeted in her throat
Been knowin the hoe for fo' days, pimpery pays
And I bet you didn't know that she go both ways
She ate her best friend, I left them hoes at the mote'
They be beepin me and shit, but we don't kick it no mo'
Them hot hoes is fiendin, they on the nuts
But beitch, I'm out ya pussy when I nut, f'real

{Exxplosive..}
I, I love the colorful clothes she wears
And the way the sunlight plays upon her hair
I hear the sound of a gentle word
On the wind that lifts her perfume through the air

I'm pickin' up good vibrations
She's giving me excitations
I'm pickin' up good vibrations
(Oom bop bop good vibrations)
She's giving me excitations
(Oom bop bop excitations)
Good good good good vibrations
(Oom bop bop)
She's giving me excitations
(Oom bop bop excitations)
Good good good good vibrations
(Oom bop bop)
She's giving me excitations
(Oom bop bop excitations)

Close my eyes
She's somehow closer now
Softly smile, I know she must be kind
When I look in her eyes
She goes with me to a blossom world

I'm pickin' up good vibrations
She's giving me excitations
I'm pickin' up good vibrations
(Oom bop bop good vibrations)
She's giving me excitations
(Oom bop bop excitations)
Good good good good vibrations
(Oom bop bop)
She's giving me excitations
(Oom bop bop excitations)
Good good good good vibrations
(Oom bop bop)
She's giving me excitations
(Oom bop bop excitations)

(Ahhhhhhh)
(Ah my my what elation)
I don't know where but she sends me there
(Ah my my what a sensation)
(Ah my my what elations)
(Ah my my what)

Gotta keep those lovin' good vibrations
A happenin' with her
Gotta keep those lovin' good vibrations
A happenin' with her
Gotta keep those lovin' good vibrations
A happenin'

Ahhhhhhhh
Good good good good vibrations
(Oom bop bop)
(I'm pickin' up good vibrations)
She's giving me excitations
(Oom bop bop)
(Excitations)
Good good good good vibrations
(Oom bop bop)
She's na na...

Na na na na na
Na na na
Na na na na na
Na na na
Do do do do do
Do do do
Do do do do do
Do do do
What's the use of me of me foolin myself?
No matter what I keep tellin myself...
What's the use of me of me foolin myself?
No matter what I keep tellin myself...
What's the use of me of me foolin myself?
No matter what I keep tellin myself...
What's the use of me of me foolin myself?
No matter what I keep tellin myself...

(I don't believe this... I'm makin all these moves.. for
WHATT???)

[Verse 1]
I do me for a G Note, niece, she's yellin Nemo
Mama bear, she there, losin hair cause of the chemo
Every door buzz, little cause see at the peek hole
Swearin he holdin heavy, hidin out from the RICO
Coke sold by Chico out the corner bodega
Him n Bobbito... la familia now finito!
It's deep tho, its like my soul was stole by the repo
Resowed in Carlito, and retold on Tivo
Ice cold wit a ego, dice rolled and somebody's Deebo'd
Trios expose dikes on the D' Low
It's love wit my amigos, other niggaz they freeload
Yeah he hold, but my homeys only unload torpedoes
So please yo, I'm from the killa cap of the kilos
Where niccaz clap, and fat bytches get yapped for
their cheetos, its re-al
But still blocks is hot like veal
So cock block, or cop shot, nothin stops the P.O.

[hook]
What's the use of me of me foolin myself? (lalalalalaaa
lalalalalalalaaaaa)
No matter what I keep tellin myself... (Wont Stooooopp
Cant Stooooooop)
What's the use of me of me foolin myself? (lalalalalaaa
lalalalalalalaaaaa)
No matter what I keep tellin myself... (Cant Stooooopp
Wont Stooooooop)
What's the use of me of me foolin myself? (lalalalalaaa
lalalalalalalaaaaa)
No matter what I keep tellin myself... (Wont Stooooopp
Cant Stooooooop)
What's the use of me of me foolin myself? (lalalalalaaa
lalalalalalalaaaaa)
No matter what I keep tellin myself... (Cant Stooooopp
Wont Stooooooop)

[Verse 2]
Wifee want an abortion, her parents divorcin
Granted, I understand it, but my mans in a coffin
Who planned it? I guess they panicked, cause they left him in Boston
He died.... for a pie, identified by his porcelains
It's caution, Unc just got a chunk of some fortune
Bossin, I guess the paper supportin extortin
Tossin it to them dealers, takin it like Lakers did Portland
Cases is costin, so faces wont make it for talkin
It's basics, they mistake once they replace it for flossin
It soften, never high when dividin my portion
Why forever fly till I die, dry from exhaustion
Move accordin, like they keys on a organ
No sneezin or coffin, I weeze when I'm walkin, indeed
We under siege from those D's cause they stalkin
Cars is auctioned, homes is seized
OG's extortin the seeds, now its the new breed absorbin

[hook]

[Verse 3]
The names is changed, the games the same
It's playin fair, but years of Nightmares, like Dana Dane
It ain't clear, but I'm right here still and sayin the same
Refusin to shed a tear, tho the pain done came
Provin I played the game, from cocain to fame
From rope chains, gazelli frames, I remain to blame
It's deep, but never speak certain names in vein
I know beef, and when it peak, it can strain the brain
No police, its just creep creep, bang for bang
No grief, brothers deceased, others arraigned and hang
None of us just eatin, maintain the strains
The streets is just the streets, when it rain it rain

[hook]
Pack it up, pack it in
Let me begin
I came to win
Battle me, that's a sin
I won't tear the sack up
Punk you'd better back up
Try and play the role and yo the whole crew will act up
Get up, stand up [come on!]
Come on, throw your hands up
If you've got the feeling, jump up touch the ceiling
Muggs lifts a funk flow, someone's talking junk, yo
I'll bust him in the eye
And then I'll take the punk's ho
Feelin', funkin'
Amps in the trunk
And I got more rhymes than there's cops that at a Dunkin'
Donut shop
Sure 'nuff I got props from the kids on the Hill
Plus my mom and my pops

Chorus

I came to get down (2x)
So get out your seats and jump around
Jump around (3x)
Jump up Jump up and get down.
Jump (17x)

I'll serve your ass like John MacEnroe
If your girl steps up, I'm smacking the ho
Word to your moms I came to drop bombs
I got more rhymes than the Bible's got psalms
And just like the Prodigal Son, I've returned
Anyone stepping to me you'll get burned
Cause I got lyrics but you ain't got none
If you come to battle bring a shotgun!
But if you do you're a fool, cause I duel to the death
Tryin' to step to me you'll take your last breath
I got the skill, come get your fill
'Cause when I shoot to give, I shoot to kill

Chorus

I'm the cream of the crop, I rise to the top
I never eat a pig cause a pig is a cop
Or better yet a terminator
Like Arnold Schwarzenegger
Tryin' to play me out like as if my name was Sega
But I ain't going out like no punk bitch
Get used to one style and you know I might switch
It up up and around, then buck buck you down
Put out your head then you wake up in the Dawn of the Dead
I'm coming to get ya, I'm coming to get ya
Spitting out lyrics, homie I'll wet ya

Chorus
Jump (33)

Yo, this is dedicated
To Joe "DeBerg" Dakota
Grag yo bozac, punk
(feat. Anthony Hamilton)

[Intro]
When I wake up in the mornin love,
And the sunlight hurts my eyes,
Then somethin with out warnin love,
Bears heavy on my mind

[Twista]
Let's get them dollars, Let's get this money

[Verse 1 (Twista)]
I keep my mind on my money, money on my mind,
I got my finger on tha trigga, stayin' on tha grind,
And when I wake up in the mornin', I got's to hit a lick,
Saw the 2000 and 3 Navi, on Sprees wit' a kit,
Soon as my eyes see tha sunshine,
My thoughts is jukin' the block, and dodgin' the one time,
Peep how we movin' the rocks and wit' pounds of dro before I double my shit,
I can serve sixteen ounces for six and get back ninety-six,
A killa for tha skrilla, Nigga, Best not be stalkin',
I got's to get them bigga, figga's, fuck what you talkin',
I represent them nigga's ballin' wit' jewelry full of zickels,
Down to the nigga's chasin' million, their dreams' servin' nickels,
And I know, one day, I'm gon' come up,
And when you see me, don't hate, that I rolled up,
Get paid whether you legit when you slang, or tippin' off 'cane,
Until I take a dip in the Range, I'm flippin' them thangs,
Gotta get that money man

[Chorus (Anthony Hamilton)]
It's a lovely day, just got paid,
Stack it up, be on my way,
It's Lovely day, lovely day,
Lovely day, lovely day,
It's a lovely day, just got paid,
Stack it up, be on my way,
Lovely day, lovely day,
Lovely day

[Verse 2 (Twista)]
A hustler's definition, is a hustler for scratch,
You serve a motherfucker, you serve him for that,
I'm makin' money off of verses when I spit 'em on tracks,
And if I ain't sellin' no records, I'm servin' them packs,
I got a, clip full of hollows, money makin's my motto,
Semi-auto and Marlboros in the bottle, 'til I hit the lotto,
Wit' dreams of ownin' a records label, flippin' words,
My nigga flippin' buildin's better than he was flippin' birds,
I got tha, mentality and tha motive I'm on a mission,
For tha money, you can get it too, it's all about yo ambition,
Play yo position, provide the plans, and follow procedures,
In tha six-hundred, blunted, wit' a pocket full of hundred's and Visa's,
Love, when I get that dust, hit 'em up, re-cock then I get back up,
Love, when I get that gig, get a crib, get a car when tha grip stack up,
It's still in the evenin' if I'm sleepin' paper problems,
Soon as I get up it's just another day, another dollar
Gotta get that money man

[Chorus (Anthony Hamilton)]
It's a lovely day, just got paid,
Stack it up, be on my way,
Lovely day, lovely day,
Lovely day, lovely day,
It's a lovely day, just got paid,
Stack it up, be on my way,
Lovely day, lovely day,
Lovely day

[Verse 3 (Twista)]
Got love for the corporate playas that's ballin' rollin' jags,
Got love for the thug nigga's who get' it on tha ave.,
Love for those, who can make a mil and sit back and laugh,
And love for the fine stripper's who get it poppin' ass,
Love for the single parent's that's workin' through the struggle,
Love for those who gotta make a livin' movin' muscle,
Love for those who gotta watch tha hater's rollin' bubbles,
Causin' trouble every time a young brotha try to hustle,
And if I can't, legally make or not
Then I gotta get, right back on the block
And if it no work we do a stick-up and whip-up a concoction,
Might leave yo face down in the dirt because hurtin's not an option
Gotta get that money man

[Chorus (Anthony Hamilton) x2]
It's a lovely day, just got paid,
Stack it up, be on my way,
Lovely day, lovely day,
Lovely day, lovely day,
It's a lovely day, just got paid,
Stack it up, be on my way,
Lovely day, lovely day,
Lovely day

[Outro (Anthony Hamilton)]
When I wake up in the mornin' love,
And the sunlight hurts my eyes,
Somethin' without warnin' love,
Bears heavy on my mind
[Hook: Kanye West, Tony Williams, John Legend]
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly (heavens knows) past the sky (every night, every night)
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly (heavens knows) past the sky (every night, every night)


[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Man, man, man
If my manager insults me again I will be assaulting him
After I fuck the manager up then I'm gonna shorten the register up
Let's go back, back to the Gap
Look at my check, wasn't no scratch
So if I stole, wasn't my fault
Yeah I stole, never get caught
They take me to the back and pat me
Askin' me about some khakis
But let some black people walk in
I bet you they show off their token blackie
Oh now they love Kanye, let's put him all in the front of the store
Saw him on break next to the 'No Smoking' sign with a blun and a malt
Takin' my hits, writin' my hits
Writin' my rhymes, playin' my mind
This fuckin' job can't help him
So I quit, y'all welcome
(heavens knows)
Y'all don't know my struggle
Y'all can't match my hustle
(every night)
You can't catch my hustle
(every night)
You can't fathom my love dude
Lock yourself in a room doin' five beats a day for three summers
That's a different world like Cree summers
I deserve to do these numbers
The kid that made back [aka running back], (heavens knows)
Deserves that Maybach
So many records in my basement (every night)
I'm just waitin' on my spaceship (every night),
I've been (blaow)

[Hook: Kanye West, Tony Williams, John Legend]
Workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly (heavens knows) past the sky (every night, every night)
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly(heavens knows) past the sky (every night, every night)

[Verse 2: GLC]
Man, I'm talkin' way past the sky
Let's go, oh
And I didn't even try to work a job
Represent the mob
At the same time thirsty on the grind
Chi state of mind
Lost my mama, lost my mind
My life, my love (heavens knows) that's not mine
Why you ain't signed?
Wasn't my time
Leave me alone, (every night) work for y'all
Half of it's yours, (every night) half of it's mine
Only one to ball
Never one to fall
Gotta get mine
Gotta take mine
Got a tec-9
Reach my prime
Gotta make these haters respect mine
In the mall (heavens knows) 'til 12 when my schedule had said 9
(every night) Puttin' new pants on shelves
Waitin' paitently (every night) I ask myself
Where I wanna go, where I wanna be
Life is much more than runnin' in the streets
Holla at 'ye, hit me with the beat
Put me on my feet
Sound so sweet
Yes (heavens knows) I'm the same ol' G, same goatee
Stayin' low key, nope (every night)
Holla at God Man (every night) why'd you had to take my folks?
Hope to see Freddy G., Yusef G
Love my G, Rolly G
Police watch me smoke my weed, and count my G's
Got a lot of people countin' on me (heavens knows)
And I'm just tryin' to find my peace
(every night) Should of finished school like my niece
Then I wouldn't (every night) finally wouldn't use my piece, blaow
Aw man, all this pressure

[Hook: Kanye West, Tony Williams, John Legend]
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly (heavens knows) past the sky (every night, every night)
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly (heavens knows) past the sky (every night, every night)

[Verse 3: Consequence]
I remember havin' to take the dollar cab
Comin' home real late at night
Standin' on my feet all damn day
Tryin' to make this thing right
And havin' (heavens knows) one of my co-workers say Yo you look just like
(every night) This kid I seen in the old Busta Rhymes video (every night) the other night
Well easy come, easy go
How that sayin' goes
No more broad service, cars, and them TV shows
I all had that snatched from me (heavens knows)
And all the faculties all turn their back on me (every night)
And didn't wanna hear a rap from me (every night)
So naturally actually had to face things factually
Had to be a catastrophe with the fridgest starin' back at me
Cuz nothing's there, (heaven knows) nothing's fair
I don't wanna ever go back there
So I won't be takin' (every night) no days off 'til my spaceship takes off (every night)
Blaow

[Hook: Kanye West, Tony Williams, John Legend]
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly (heavens knows) past the sky (every night, every night)
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly (heavens knows) past the sky (every night, every night)

[Outro: Tony Williams]
I wanna fly, I wanna fly
I said I want my chariot to pick me up
And take me brother for a ride

(heavens knows)
(every night)
(every night)
Intro: [LP Version]

He looks determined without being ruthless
Something heroic in this man, there's a courage about him
Doesn't look like a killer
Comes across so calm, acts like he has a dream
Full of passion

You don't trust me huh?
Well you know why
I do, we're not supposed to trust anyone in our profession anyway

Intro Two: Raekwon the Chef

Knock niggaz out the box all the time
Bitches on my motherfuckin records Pah
Big ones, yeah, big fuckers
Straight up, fuck your whole team
Yeah bust it
Yo, yo, fly G.I. niggaz

Chorus: Raekwon the Chef

Now yo yo, whattup yo, time is runnin out
It's for real though, let's connect politic - ditto!
We could trade places, get lifted in the staircases
Word up, peace incarcerated scarfaces

Verse One: Raekwon the Chef

Thug related style attract millions Fans,
they understand my plan, who's the kid up in the green Land?
Me and the RZA connect, blow a fuse, you lose
Half-ass crews get demolished and bruised
Fake be frontin, hourglass heads niggaz be wantin
Shuttin down your slot; time for pumpin
Poisonous sting which thumps up and act chumps
Raise a heavy generator, but yo, guess who's the black Trump?
Dough be flowin by the hour's Wu, we got the collars, scholars
Word life, peace to power and my whole unit
Word up! Quick to set it, don't wet it
Real niggas lick shots, peace kinetic Kid

Chorus

Verse Two: Raekwon the Chef

Chef'll shine like marble, rhyme remarkable
Real niggaz raise up, spend your money, argue
But this time is for the uninvited
Go head and rhyme to it, big nigga mics is gettin fired
Morphine chicks be burnin like chlorine
Niggaz recognize from here to Baltimore to Fort Greene
But hold up, Moet be tastin like throw-up
My mob roll up, dripped to death whips rolled up
Ya never had no wins, slidin in these dens wit Timbs
Wit Mac-10's and broke friends
Ya got guns, got guns too, what up son, do
you wanna battle for cash and see who Sun too?
I probably wax, tax, smack rap niggaz who fax
niggaz lyrics is wack nigga
Can't stand unofficial, wet tissue, blank bustin Scud missles
You rollin like Trump, you get your meat lumped
For real, it's just slang rap democracy
Here's the policy, slide off the ring, plus the Wallabees
Check the status, soon to see me at Caesar's Palace eatin salads
We beatin mics and the keys to Dallas
I move rhymes like retail, make sure shit sell
From where we at to my man's cell
From staircase to stage, minimun wage
But soon to get a article in RapPage
But all I need is my house, my gat, my Ac
Bank account fat - it's goin' down like that
And pardon the French but let me speak Italian
Black Stallion, dwellin on Shaolin
That means the island of Staten
And niggaz carry gats and mad police from Manhattan

Chorus

Verse Three: Raekwon the Chef

I do this for barber shop niggaz in the Plaza
Catchin asthma, Rae is stickin gun-flashers
Well-dressed, skatin through the projects wit big ones
Broke elevators, turn the lights out, stick one
upstairs, switch like a chameleon, Hip Brazilians
pass the cash or leave your children, leave the buildin
Niggas, yo they be foldin' like envelopes
under pressure like Lou Farigno on coke
Yo, Africans denyin niggaz up in yellow cabs
Musty like funk, wavin they arms, the Arabs
Sit back, coolin like Kahlua's on rocks
On the crack spots, rubberband wrapped on my knots
You bitches who fuck dreds on Sudafeds
Pussy's hurtin, they did it for a yard for the Feds
Word up cousin, nigga, I seen it
Like a 27-inch Zenith - believe it!

Chorus

...politic ditto
...get lifted in the staircases
(Primo mixing - Noreaga talking)
(CNN, CNN, Capone and Noreaga, you know what I'm sayin)
(The invincible, untouchable, CNN)
For all the niggas who keep askin, when CNN gonna do a joint with Premier
Ha, we did it, we here now, y'all niggas can stop askin
Go cop the fuckin album, The Reunion
(The invincible, untouchable, CNN)
(The invincible, untouchable, CNN)
But right now, CNN and Premier nigga, do it like this nigga

(Noreaga)
Yo, yo Melvin Flynt drop, my whole collasso stop
I can't believe I fucked up and made a half-ass album
My excuse is, my pops just died, and I ain't wanna make music
My pops just died
My fans stuck with me, my shit still went gold
I got a habit just to drive, gettin head and I roam
CNN, we like the Grand Royal, I write rhymes with the Coke oil
Yo, Apollo heat
See me, sell ??? right with ??? creep
Got out the club, seen the police, ??? deep
I'm like Frank Mathis, see me blow my dough
And any bitch givin head, if she blow I know
Oh no, we had to go see Premo
Taped it up, The Reunion, a brand new cut
Up in D&amp;amp;amp;D, stayin with some rats and some sluts
From the projects, she know we need our welfare cut

(Chorus - Primo mixing CNN)
CNN, Network Channel 10
Yo, it's all reality
I'm in it to win it, sit back picture that
Yo respect it, the legacy'll never end
CNN, Network Channel 10
Yo, it's all reality
I'm in it to win it, sit back picture that
Yo respect it, the legacy'll never end

(Capone)
Premo, what up man
Yo, I'm not rowdy but I bang niggas and I pop collas
I grind for the top dollars, fight rotweilers
Put my hand on the Bible, tell it to the judge
I'm a lie for my dunn, take it in blood
I'm dot com, I drop bombs, kill ya squad
Live like I'm still in the yard 'til I pop ya god
For my niggas in the Bridge, with the 50 dollar Panasonics and the blank 8's
Who rap chronic collab jake
Whether we have not or have cake
We got gas to get that straight, we movin at a fast rate
My last case I got bail
My first one, man did indicted, how I write it, sister can't stand it
I smoke bud, get pissy, who could flow with me
Staggerin, bang like the wild Aficans
Spit gutter on a Premo beat, for the love of the street
The only child, my little brother was he

(Chorus)

(Noreaga)
Yo, yo, my thugs is bilingual
You see my shit speak Spanish
Disappearing acts make your whole team vanish
From coast to coast I got them things
Badda-boom-badda-bing, he the glorious king
Another album, another plaque, another ounce and another mac
Another chromed out gat
Another place to face where I lace you at
I put all type a wholes in ya face black

(Capone)
Yo, yo, who think I don't got it?
I'm like workin with a bird, I got long product
Give it to you raw, won't chop it
New York niggas is foul, we body sling shit in the val'
Them pregnant fiends, killin they child
I'm the next best thing to &amp;amp;quot;X&amp;amp;quot;, oral sex
Brand new tecs, food stamps and welfare checks
I'm the messiah, recognize it, political prisoner
From the projects, I send shots where the cops is, nigga

(Chorus)

The invincible, untouchable, CNN
The invincible, untouchable, CNN
Take the baseline out, uh huh
Jigga uh huh uh huh uh huh

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life

From standin' on the corner, Boppin'
To drivin' some of the hottest cars New York has ever seen
To droppin' some of the hottest verses rap has ever heard
From the dope spot, with the smoke glock
Fleein' the murder scene, you know me well
From nightmares of a lonely cell, my only hell
But since when ya'll niggas know me to fail? Fuck Naw
Where all my niggas with the rubber grips, bus shots
And if you with me, ma I rub on ya tits, and what not
I'm from the school of the hard knocks, we must not
Let outsiders violate our blocks, and my plot
Let's stick up the world and split it 50-50, uh huh
Let's take the dough and stay real jiggy, uh huh
Let's sip the Cris and get pissy pissy
Flow infinitely like the memory of my nigga Biggie, baby!
You know its hell when I come through
The life and times of Shawn Carter nigga Volume 2
Ya'll niggas get ready

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life

I flow for those droed out
All my niggas locked in the 10 by 4 controllin' the house
We live in hard knocks we don't take over we bomb blocks
Burn 'em down and you can have 'em back daddy, I'd rather that
I flow for chicks wishin' they ain't have to strip to pay tuition
I see you vision mama; I put my money on the long shots
All my ballers that born to clock
Now I'ma be on top whether I perform or not
I went from lukewarm to hot
from Sleepin' on futons and cots, to king size,
green machinse, to green 5's Ive seen pies
let the thing between my eyes analyze life's ills
Then I put it down tight real
I'm tight grill with the phony rappers, you might feel we homeys
I'm like still you don't know me, shit
I'm tight real when my situation ain't improvin'
I'm tryin' to murder everythin' movin', Feel Me

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life

I don't know how to sleep, I gotta eat, stay on my toes
Got a lot of beef so logically I prey on my foes
Hustlin' still inside of me and as far as progress
You be hard-pressed to find another rapper hot as me
I gave you prophecy on my first joint, and ya'll lamed out
Didn't really appreciate it 'til the second one came out
So I stretched the game out, X'ed your name out
Put Jigga on top, and drop albums non-stop for ya nigga

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life
It's the Hard Knock Life
It's the Hard Knock Life
[Snoop] Up out of there
[Tupac] (chuckles)
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
[Snoop] Pump that up G
[Tupac] Ahh shit, you done fucked up now --
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
You done put two of America's
most wanted in the same
motherfuckin place at the same
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
motherfuckin time, hahahahah
Y'all niggaz about to feel this
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
Break out the champagne glasses
and the motherfuckin condoms
Have one on us aight??
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party

[Verse One: 2Pac, Snoop]

Picture perfect, I paint a perfect picture
Bomb the hoochies with precision my intention's to get richer
With the S-N double-O-P, Dogg my fuckin homey
Youse a cold ass nigga on them hogs

Sho nuff, I keep my hand on my gun, cuz they got me on the run
Now I'm back in the courtroom waitin on the outcome
Free Tupac, is all that's on a niggaz mind
But at the same time it seem they tryin to take mine
So I'ma get smart, and get defensive and shit
And put together a million march, for some gangsta shit

So now they got us laced
Two multimillionare motherfuckers catchin cases (mmm)
Bitches get ready for the throwdown, the shit's about to go down
Uhh, me and Snoop about to clown
I'm &amp;quot;Losin My Religion&amp;quot;, I'm vicious on these stool pigeons
You might be deep in this game, but you got the rules missin
Niggaz be actin like they savage, they out to get the cabbage
I got, nuthin but love, for my niggaz livin lavish

I got a pit named P, she niggarino
I got a house out in the hills right next to Chino
and I, think I got a black Beamer
but my dream is to own a fly casino
like Bugsy Seagel, and do it all legal
and get scooped up, by the little homie in the Regal
Mmm, it feel good to you baby bubba
Ya see, this is for the G's and the keys motherfucker

Now follow as we riiiiide
Motherfuck the rest, two of the best from the West side
And I can make you famous
Niggaz been dyin for years, so how could they blame us
I live in fear of a felony
I never stop bailin these, motherfuckin G's
If ya got it better flaunt it, another warrant
2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted

[Chorus:]
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
[Tupac] Nuthin but a gangsta party...
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
Nuthin but a gangsta party
it ain't nuthin but a
motherfuckin gangsta party
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party
Nuthin but a gangsta party
it ain't nuthin but a
motherfuckin gangsta party
Ain't nuttin but a gangsta party

[Verse Two: 2Pac, Snoop]

Now give me fifty feet
Defeat is not my destiny, release me to the streets
And keep whatever's left of me
Jealousy is misery, suffering is grief
Better be prepared when you cowards fuck wit me
I bust and flea, these niggaz must be crazy what??
There ain't no mercy motherfuckers who can fade the Thugs
(hahah right) You thought it was but it wasn't, now dissapear
Bow down in the presence of a boss player

It's like cuz, blood, gangbangin
Everybody in the party doin dope slangin
You got to have papers in this world
You might get your first snatch, before your eyes swerl
Ya doing ya job, every day
And then you work so hard til ya hair turn gray
Let me tell you about life, and bout the way it is
You see we live by the gun, so we die by the gun's kids

They tell me not to roll with my glock
So now I gotta throw away
Floatin in the black Benz, tryin to do a show a day
They wonder how I live, with five shots
Niggaz is hard to kill, on my block
Schemes for currency and doe related
Affiliated with the hustlers, so we made it
No answers to questions, I'm tryin to get up on it
My nigga Dogg with me, eternally the most wanted

[Chorus (w/ variations to end)]
(uh)U-N-I-T-Y
U-N-I-T-Y (That's a unity)
U-N-I-T-Y
Love a black man from infinity to infinity
who're you a calling a bitch?

Chrous:
U-N-I-T-Y(you gotta let em know)
U-N-I-T-Y (That's a unity)(come on here we go)
U-N-I-T-Y (you gotta let em know)
Another black woman from infinity to infinity
(you ain't a bitch or a hoe)

U-N-I-T-Y(you gotta let em know)
U-N-I-T-Y (That's a unity)(come on here we go)
U-N-I-T-Y (you gotta let em know)
Another black woman from infinity to infinity
(you ain't a bitch or a hoe)

Instinct leads me to another flow
Everytime I hear a brother call a girl a bitch or a ho
Trying to make a sister feel low
You know all of that gots to go
Now everybody knows there's exceptions to this rule
Now don't be getting mad, when we playing, it's cool
But don't you be calling out my name
I bring wrath to those who disrespect me like a dame
That's why I'm talking, one day I was walking down the block
I had my cutoff shorts on right cause it was crazy hot
I walked past these dudes when they passed me
One of 'em felt my booty, he was nasty
I turned around red, somebody was catching the wrath
Then the little one said (Yeah me bitch) and laughed
Since he was with his boys he tried to break fly
(Huh) I punched him dead in his eye and said
"Who you calling a bitch?"

Chorus (2x)

I hit the bottle There ain't nowhere else to go but up
Bad days at work and they gave you an attitude
then you were rough
And take it out on me but that's about enough
You put your hands on me again I'll put your ass in handcuffs
I guess I fell so deep in love I grew dependency
I was too blind to see just how it was affecting me
All that I knew was you was all the man I had
And I was scared to let you go, even though you treated me bad
But I don't want my kids to see me getting beat down
By daddy smacking mommy all around
You say I'm nothing without ya, but I'm nothing with ya
A man don't really love you if he hits ya
This is my notice to the door, I'm not taking it no more
I'm not your personal whore, that's not what I'm here for
And nothing good gonna come to ya til you do right by me
Brother you ain't that sick? (Who you calling a bitch?)

Chorus

What's going on in your mind is what I ask ya
But like Yo-Yo, you don't hear me though
You wear a rag around your head and you
Call yourself a "Gangsta Bitch" now that you saw Apache's video
I saw you wilding, acting like a fool
I peeped you out the window jumping girls after school
But where did all of this come from?
A minute ago, you was a nerd and nobody ever heard of ya
Now you a wannabe...hard
You barely know your ABC's, please
There's plenty of people out there with triggers ready to pull it
Why you trying to jump in front of the bullet (Young lady)
Uh, and real bad girls are the silent type (yeah)
Ain't none of this worth getting your face sliced
Cause that's what happened to your homegirl, right?
(Bucking with nobody)
She got to wear that for life (Who you calling a bitch?)

Chorus
chorus:
Ready Or Not, Here I Come, You Can't Hide
Gonna Find You and Take it Slowly
Ready Or Not, Here I Come, You Can't Hide
Gonna Find You and Make you want me.

CLEF: Now that I escape, sleepwalker awake
Those who could relate know the world ain't cake
Jail bars ain't golden gates
Those who fake, they break,
When they meet their 400 pound mate
If I could rule the world
Everyone would have a gun in the ghetto of course
When giddyupin' on their horse
I Kick a rhyme drinkin' moonshine I pour a sip on the concrete,
for the deceased
But no don't weep, Wyclef's in a state of sleep
Thinkin' 'bout the robbery that I did last week.
Money in the bag, banker looked like a drag
I want to play with pelicans from here to Baghdad
Gun blast, think fast, I think I'm hit
My girl pinched my hips to see if I still exist.
I think not, I'll send a letter to my friends,
A born again hooligan only to be king again.

chorus:
Ready Or Not, Here I Come, You Can't Hide
Gonna Find You and Take it Slowly
Ready Or Not, Here I Come, You Can't Hide
Gonna Find You and Make you want me.

LAURYN: I play my enemies like a game of chess, where I rest, No stress
If you don't smoke sess, lest.
I must confess, my destiny's manifest
In some Goretex and sweats I make treks like I'm homeless
Rap orgies with Porgy and Bess, Capture your bounty like Elliot Ness,
YES Bless you if you represent the Fu
But I'll hex you with some witch's brew if you're Doo Doo Voo Doo,
I can do what you do, easy, BELIEVE ME
Frontin' niggas give me hee-bee-gee-bees
So while you're imitating Al Capone I'll be Nina Simone
And defacating on your microphone.
Chorus: Ready Or Not, Here I Come, You Can't Hide
Gonna Find You and Take it Slowly

Lauryn's Interlude:
You can't run away From these styles I got,
oh baby, hey baby Cause I got a lot, oh yeah
And anywhere you go
My whole crew's gonna know, oh baby, hey baby
You can't hide from the block, oh no.

PRAZ: Ready or not, refugees takin' over
The Buffalo soldier, dread-lock rhasta
On the twelfth hour, fly by in my bomber Crews run for cover,
now they're under pushin' up flowers
Superfly true lies, do or die, Toss me high - only puff la,
With my crew from lock high I refugee from Guantanamo Bay
Dance around the border like I'm Cassius Class

Chorus
(Lauryn) REPEAT 3X:
Ready Or Not, Here I Come, You Can't Hide
Gonna Find You and Take it Slowly
Ready Or Not, Here I Come, You Can't Hide
Gonna Find You and Make You Want Me
1989 the number another summer (get down)
Sound of the funky drummer
Music hittin' your heart cause I know you got sould
(Brothers and sisters, hey)
Listen if you're missin' y'all
Swingin' while I'm singin'
Givin' whatcha gettin'
Knowin' what I know
While the Black bands sweatin'
And the rhythm rhymes rollin'
Got to give us what we want
Gotta give us what we need
Our freedom of speech is freedom or death
We got to fight the powers that be
Lemme hear you say
Fight the power

Chorus

As the rhythm designed to bounce
What counts is that the rhymes
Designed to fill your mind
Now that you've realized the prides arrived
We got to pump the stuff to make us tough
from the heart
It's a start, a work of art
To revolutionize make a change nothin's strange
People, people we are the same
No we're not the same
Cause we don't know the game
What we need is awareness, we can't get careless
You say what is this?
My beloved lets get down to business
Mental self defensive fitness
(Yo) bum rush the show
You gotta go for what you know
Make everybody see, in order to fight the powers that be
Lemme hear you say...
Fight the Power

Chorus

Elvis was a hero to most
But he never meant shit to me you see
Straight up racist that sucker was
Simple and plain
Mother fuck him and John Wayne
Cause I'm Black and I'm proud
I'm ready and hyped plus I'm amped
Most of my heroes don't appear on no stamps
Sample a look back you look and find
Nothing but rednecks for 400 years if you check
Don't worry be happy
Was a number one jam
Damn if I say it you can slap me right here
(Get it) lets get this party started right
Right on, c'mon
What we got to say
Power to the people no delay
To make everybody see
In order to fight the powers that be

(Fight the Power)
*verse 1*
I'm your idol, the highest title, numero uno
I'm not a Puerto Rican, but I'm speakin so that you know
and understand I got the gift of speech
and it's a blessin,
so listen to the lesson I preach
I talk sense condensed into the form of a poem
full of knowledge from my toes to the top of my dome
I'm kinda young--but my tongue speaks maturity
I'm not a child, I don't need nothin for security
I get paid when my record is played--to put it short
I got it made

*verse 2*
I'm outspoken--
my language is broken into a slang
but it's just a dialect that I select when I hang
I play it cool--cuz coolin is all that I'm about
just foolin wit tha girlies, yes I'm bustin it out
I'm Special Ed and you can tell by the style that I use
I'm creatively superior, yo--I never lose
I never lost cuz I'm the boss
I never will cuz I'm still
the champion, chief one, won't lose until--
I choose

which I won't cuz I don't retreat
I'll run you over like a truck and leave you dead in the street
You're invitin me, a titan to a battle--why?
I don't need your respect cuz I--
got it made

*verse 3*
I'm talented, yes I'm gifted
never boosted, never shoplifted
I got the cash, but maoney ain't nothin
make a million dollars every record that I cut and--
my name is Special Ed and I'm a super-duper star
ever other month I get a brand new car
Got twenty, that's plenty yet I still want more
kinda fond of honda scooters--got seventy-four
I got the riches--to fulfill my needs
got land in the sand of the West Indies
even got a little island of my very own--
I gotta frog--a dog with a solid gold bone
An accountant to account the amount I spent
gotta treaty with Tahiti cuz I own a percent
got gear out wear--to everyday
boutiques from France to the U.S.A.
and I make all the money from the rhymes I invent
so it really doesn't matter--how much I spent, because, yo
I make fresh rhymes--daily
you burn me--really?
Think, just blink and I made--a million rhymes
just imagine if you blinked-- a million times
damn I'd be paid--
I got it made

*verse 4*
I'm kinda spoiled
cuz everything I want I got made
I wanted gear--got everything from cotton to suede
I wanted lead--I didn't beg I just got laid
My hair was growin too long, so I got me a fade
and when my dishes got dirty, I got Cascade
when the weather was hot, I got a spot in the shade
I'm wise because I rise to the top of my grade
wanted peace on Earth, so to God I prayed
Some kids across town thought I was afraid
they couldn't harm me--
I got the army brigade
I'm not a trader
if what you got is greater I'll trade
but maybe later cuz my waiter made potato -n- alligator souflee--
I got it made
"It's another one of them old phunky Cypress Hill things, you know what I'm
sayin'? And it goes like this:"

Hey, don't miss out on what you're passing
You're missing the hootah
Of the funky buddha
Eluder
Of your fucked-up styles, I get wicked
So come on as Cypress starts to kick it
'Cause we're like the outlaws stridin'
While suckers are hidin'
Jump behind the bush when you see me drivin'
By
Hanging out the window
With my magnum taking out some putos
Acting kind of loco
I'm just another local
Kid from the street getting paid from my vocals

Here is something you can't understand
How I could just kill a man
Here is something you can't understand
How I could just kill a man

Here is something you can't understand
How I could just kill a man
Here is something you can't understand
How I could just kill a man

Here is something you can't understand

I'm ignoring all the dumb shit
Yo, because nothing is coming from it
I'm not gonna waste no time fuckin' around my gat straight humming
Hummin', Coming at ya
Yeah ya know I had to gatt ya
Time for some action
Just a fraction of friction
I got the clearance
To run the interference
Into your satellite
Shining a battle light
Sen got the gatt and I know that he'll gatt you right
Here's an example
Just a little sample
How I could just kill a man
One-time tried to come in my home
Take my chrome
I said, "Yo, it's on!"
Take cover son or you're assed-out
How do you like my chrome then I watched the rookie pass out
Didn't have to blast him but I did anyway
That young punk had to pay
So I just killed a man

Here is something you can't understand
How I could just kill a man
Here is something you can't understand
How I could just kill a man

Here is something you can't understand
How I could just kill a man
Here is something you can't understand
How I could just kill a man

It's gonna be a long time before I finish
One of the many missions that I had to establish
To lite
My spliff ignite
You with insight
So if you ain't down, bullshit!
Say some punk tried to get you for your auto
Would you call the One-time and play the role model?
No! I think you'll play like a thug
Next you hear the shot of a magnum slug
Humming coming at ya
Yeah ya know I'm gonna gatt ya!
How you know where I'm at when you haven't been where I've been?
Understand where I'm coming from
When you're up on the hill in your big home
I'm out here risking my dome
Just for a bucket
Or a fast duck it
Just to stay alive, yo I got to say "fuck it!"

Here is something you can't understand
How I could just kill a man
Here is something you can't understand
How I could just kill a man

Here is something you can't understand
How I could just kill a man
Here is something you can't understand
How I could just kill a man

Here is something you can't understand

"All I wanted was a Pepsi!"

"What does it all mean?"
[Dr. Dre]
Hey yo, remember that shit Eazy did a while back
Motherfuckers said it wasn't gonna work (word)
That crazy shit, yeah the stupid shit
Hey yo Eazy! (Yo!)
Hey man why don't you come off the piano for a minute
and bust this crazy shit

[Eazy-E]
Woke up quick at about noon
Just thought that I had to be in Compton soon
I gotta get drunk before the day begin
Before my mother starts bitchin bout my friends
About to go and damn near went blind
Young niggaz at the pad throwin up gang signs
Ran in the house and grabbed my clip
With the Mac-10 on the side of my hip
Bailed outside and pointed my weapon
Just as I thought, the fools kept steppin
Jumped in the fo' hit the juice on my ride
I got front back and side to side
Then I let the Alpine play
Bumpin new shit by NWA
It was &amp;quot;Gangsta Gangsta&amp;quot; at the top of the list
Then I played my own shit, it went somethin like this:

Cruisin down the street in my six-fo'
Jockin the bitches, slappin the hoes
Went to the park to get the scoop
Knuckleheads out there cold shootin some hoops
A car pulls up, who can it be?
A fresh El Camino rollin, Kilo G
He rolls down his window and he started to say
It's all about makin that GTA

*chorus*

Cuz the boyz n tha hood are always hard
You come talkin that trash we'll pull your card
Knowin nothin in life but to be legit
Don't quote me boy, cuz I ain't said shit

[Eazy-E]
Down on B's in the place to give me the pace
He said my man JB is on freebase
The boy JB was a friend of mine
Til I caught him in my car tryin to steal my Alpine
Chased him up the street to call a truce
The silly motherfucker pull out a deuce-deuce
Little did he know I had a loaded 12 gauge
One sucker dead, LA Times first page

*chorus*

[Eazy-E]
Bored as hell and I wanna get ill
So I went to a spot where my homeboys chill
The fellows out there, makin that dollar
I pulled up in my 6-4 Impala
They greet me with a 40 and I start drinkin
And from the 8-ball my breath start stinkin
Love to get my girl, to rock that body
Before I left I hit the Bacardi
Went to her house to get her out of the pad
Dumb hoe says something stupid that made me mad
She said somethin that I couldn't believe
So I grabbed the stupid bitch by her nappy ass weave
She started talkin shit, wouldn't you know?
Reached back like a pimp and slapped the hoe
Her father jumped out and he started to shout
So I threw a right-cross and knocked his old ass out

*chorus*

[Eazy-E]
I'm rollin hard now I'm under control
Then wrapped the six-fo' round the telephone poll
I looked at my car and I said, &amp;quot;Oh brother
I throw it in the gutter and go buy another&amp;quot;
Walkin home and I see the G ride
Now Ket is drivin Kilo on the side
As they busted a U, they got pulled over
An undercover cop in a dark green Nova
Ket got beaten for resistin arrest
He socked the pig in the head for rippin his Guess
Now G is caught for doin the crime
Fourth offence on the boy, he'll do some time

*chorus*

[Eazy-E]
I went to get them out but there was no bail
The fellaz start to riot in the county jail
Two days later in municiple court
Kilo G on trial straight cold cut a fork
Distruption of a court, said the judge
On a six year sentence my man didn't budge
Bailif came over to turn him in
Kilo G looked up and gave a grin
He yelled out &amp;quot;FIRE!&amp;quot;, then came Suzi
The bitch came in with a sub-machine Uzi
Police shot the bitch but didn't hurt her
Both up state for attempted murder

*chorus*

[Eazy Talking]
Ya I kick ya lil ass
But that was a blast from the past motherfucker
(feat. Ghostface Killah &amp;amp; Nas)

[Rae] No tricks, no tricks baby
[Nas] Yeah, aiyyo Rae
[Ghf] Check it out y'all
[Nas] It's the science
[Ghf] Fly wonderful
[Rae] Yeah y'all
[Nas] Tony Starks and umm Lex Diamonds
[Ghf] Tony Starks, my nigga Nas
[Rae] Strength my whole team is eatin off this type of shit
[Nas] For all the fake niggaz out there, yaknahmean
[Ghf] Word up
[Rae] Good shit, nigga next time, no more whatever shit
[Nas] Fakes be celebratin but they be mistaken
[Ghf] Word to the wise
[Rae] Keep your eyes open and your wallet in your front pocket
[Ghf] All types of shit, yo son
[Rae] Rock it, RZA Chef Ghost and Nas niggaz is the prophet
[Nas] Tell em it's on right?
[Ghf] Show those crabs how to rhyme
[Rae] RZA Chef Ghost and Nas niggaz is the prophet
[Ghf] It's only like five percent out of a hundred
[Rae] RZA Chef Ghost and Nas niggaz is the prophet
[Ghf] Do it to em baby

Verse One: Nas

Through the lights cameras and action, glamour glitters and gold
I unfold the scroll, plant seeds to stampede the globe
When I'm deceased, by then the beast arise like yeast
to conquer peace leaving savages to roam in the streets
Live on the run, police paying me to give in my gun
Trick my Wisdom, with the system that imprisoned my son
Smoke a gold leaf I hold heat, nonchalantly
I'm grungy, but things I do is real it never haunts me
while, funny style niggaz roll in the pile
Rooster heads profile on a bus to Riker's Isle
Holdin weed inside they pussy with they minds on the
pretty things in life, props is a true thug's wife
It's like a cycle, niggaz come home, some'll go in
Do a bullet, come back, do the same shit again
From the womb to the tomb, presume the unpredictable
Guns salute life, rapidly, that's the ritual

Verse Two: Raekwon the Chef

Perhaps bullets bust niggaz discuss mad money
True lies and white guys, we can see it through the eyes
Catch the most on tape, kilos disintegrate
Pyrex pots, we break, fiends lickin plates
In the building niggaz building, like little children starin
Them older niggaz aint carin
Sirens circlin fiends are lurkin in your baggage
oh, one's gone now, what, smack him in his cabbage
In the woodwork, crack cells bubble like Woolworth's
in the projects, richest niggaz rockin all the real worth
Police questioning, rooftop cats invested in
Tradin in they Lexus' GS's sendin messages
Two and two makes four, Cristal's crazily pour
Gun wars my crew phantom like swords

Verse Three: Ghostface Killer

With the green leathers, hunded pound snakes and cakes
Fiends found in lakes, jeolously Jakes we shake
What I strive for is what I live for
Infatuated by material things, and it's wild like for war
like somewhere over the rainbow, I see a big pot of gold
Future stacks yo I hold
Thousands of cracks bagged up inside the shoebox
Don't keep jack in my lap, don't wanna see Tupac
Got two spots, a new lot, flooded with rocks
Shoot-outs making me hot, crooked cops Bad Tony and the ball drop
In the Now, I'm bangin niggaz for slide time
Hurry up Duke I'm next, show em mine
And what the fuck is you looking at?
By the way young blood, hit me off with that Green Bay hat
Watch your back inside the hall, new niggaz slide through
like doors yo, you're starin in the mess hall
Your adrenaline runs, cigarette niggas be swindlin
New jacks surrenderin, come home not rememberin
Made bail with different size kicks on, a white dress shirt
Lookin gay in the yard, and you got hurt
Flashbacks, of the day room, mop ringer style
Your faggot ass got bashed tryin to turn the dial
You told your boo you was whylin
Once you heard Wu, out of the blue, your family's from Shaolin
High class cooks, throw on vestes out of phone books
Infirmary niggas are screaming, &amp;quot;I got drugs!&amp;quot;
Sharpen toothbrushes 190 mixed with baby oil and shit
Your man's in the kitchen stashing ice picks
Well I'ma end this with a big red cherry on top
Me, Nas and Rae got the best product on the block

[Rae] Strength my whole team is eatin off this type of shit
[Ghf] Word up, throw your hands up
[Rae] Good shit, nigga next time, no more whatever shit
[Ghf] Cock back the Mac an say whatever
[Rae] Keep your eyes open and your wallet in your front pocket
[Ghf] Your Hawaiian's stale, exoticness, fly shit
[Rae] RZA Chef Ghost and Nas niggaz is the prophet
[Ghf] Floatin on in nine-five in the basement
Here we go yo, here we go yo So what so what so what's the
scenario Here we go yo, here we go yo So what so what so what's the scenario

Verse One: Phife Dawg

Aiyyo Bo knows this (what?) and Bo knows that (what?) But Bo don't know jack,
cause Bo can't rap Well whaddya know, the Di-Dawg, is first up to bat No
batteries included, and no strings attached No holds barred, no time for move
fakin Gots to get the loot so I can bring home the bacon Brothers front, they
say the Tribe can't flow But we've been known to do the impossible like Broadway
Joe so Sleep if you want, like we'll help you get your Z's troop But here's the
real scoop I'm all that and then some, short dark and handsome Bust a nut inside
your eye, to show you where I come from I'm vexed, fumin, I've had it up to here
My days of payin dues are over, acknowledge me as in there (YEAH) Head for the
border, go get a taco I'll be wreckin from the jump street, meaning from the
get-go Sit back relax and let yourself go Don't sweat what you heard, but act
like you know

Verse Two: Charlie Brown

Yes yes y'all (yes y'all!) who got the vibe it's the Tribe y'all (Tribe y'all!)
real live y'all (live y'all!) Inside outside come around... (who's that??)
Browwwwwwwwn Some may, I say, call me Charlie The word is the herb and I'm deep
like Bob Marley Layback on the payback, [evolve rotate the gates?] CONTACT! Can
I get a hit? (HIT!) Boom bip with a brother named Tip and we're ready to flip
East coast stompin, rippin and rompin New York, North Cak-a-laka, and Compton
Checka-checka-check it out! The loops for the troops, more bounce to the ounce
And wow how now wow how now Brown cow We're ill till the skill gets down For the
flex, next, it's the textbook old to the new but the rest are doo-doo From
radio, to the video, to Arsenio Tell me! Yo, what's the scenario

Verse Three: Dinco D

(True blue!) Scooby Doo, whoopie doo Scenario's ready yo, rates more than four
Scores for the snores that's lovin dancefloors Now I go for mine, [shades of G
sure?] Ship-shape plus Grape Apes to play tapes Papes make grapes great for the
waist I'm an L-AH, an E-ADER, simply just a leader Bass in his face means peace
see ya later Later? (LATER!) Later alligator Pop blows the weasel and my Earth
the inflater So yo the D what the O, incorporated I-N-C into a flow Funk flipped
flat back first this foul fight fight fight Laugh yo how's that sound (ohhhhhh!)

Verse Four: Q-Tip, Busta Rhymes

It's the leader Quest vision and we got the goods here (here!) Never on the left
cause my right's my good ear (ear!) I could give a damn about a ill subliminal
Stay away from crime cause I ain't no CRIMINAL I love my young nation, groovy
sensation No time for hibernation, only elation Don't ever try to test, yo
whattup little kid? Yo Mr. Busta Rhymes, tell him what I did

I heard you rushed and rushed, AND ATTACKED Then baby puked then you had TO
SMACK Causin rambunction, throughout the sphere Raise the levels of the boom,
inside the ear

You know I did it So don't violate or you get violated The hip-hop sound is well
agitated Won't ever waste no time on the played out ego So here's Busta Rhymes
with the, Scenario

Verse Five: Busta Rhymes

Watch, as I combine all the juice from the mind Heel up, reel up, bring it back,
come rewind Powerful impact BOOM! from the cannon Not braggin, try to read my
mind just imagine Vo-cab-u-lary's necessary When diggin into my library Oh my
gosh! Oh my gosh! Eating ayea toadstool like the one Peter Tosh-a Uh, uh uhh,
alone with the track man Uh, pardon me, uhh, as I come back As I did it yo I
heard you beg your pardon When I travel to the Sun I roll with the squadron
RRRRRROAW RRRRRRROAW like a dungeon dragon Change your little drawers cause your
pants are saggin Try to step to this, I will, fits you in a turban And had you
smellin right, like some old stale urine Checkady-choco, the chocolate chicken
The rear cock diesel, for chicks they were kickin Yo, bustin out before the
Busta bust a nut the rhyme the rhythm is in sync (UHH!) the rhymes are on time
(TIME!) Rippin up this dance just like a radio Observe the vibe and check out
the scenario!! *chorus starts* Yeah, my man mother******!

Chorus
Verse One:

So you wanna be hardcore
With your hat to the back, talkin bout the gats in your raps
But I can't feel that hardcore appeal
that you're screamin, baby I'm dreamin
This ain't Christopher Williams, still some
MC's got to feel one, caps I got to peel some
To let niggaz know... that if you fuck with Big-and-Heavy
I get up in that ass like a wedgie
Says who? Says me, the lyrical
Niggaz sayin, "Biggie off the street, it's a miracle"
Left the drugs alone, took the thugs along with me
Just for niggaz actin shifty
Sticks and stones break bones, but the gat'll kill you quicker
Especially when I'm drunk off the liquor
Smokin funk by the boxes, packin glocks is
natural to eat you niggaz like chocolates
The funk baby

Chorus (repeats 8X)

"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk" (LOTUG, Chief Rocka)

Verse Two:

All I want is bitches, big booty bitches
Used to sell crack, so I could stack my riches
Now I pack gats, to stop all the snitches
from stayin in my business, what is this? Relentless
approach, to know if I'm broke or not
Just cause I joke and smoke a lot
Don't mean I don't tote the glock
Sixteen shots for my niggaz in the pen
Until we motherfuckin meet again
Huh, I'm doin rhymes now, fuck the crimes now
Come on the ave, I'm real hard to find now
Cause I'm knee deep in the beats
In the Land Cruiser Jeep with the Mac-10 by the seats
For the jackers, the jealous ass crackers in the (car sirens)
I'll make you prove that it's bulletproof
Hold ya head, cause when you hit the bricks
I got gin, mad blunts, and bitches suckin dick
The funk baby

Repeat chorus

Verse Three:

So I guess you know the story, the rap-side, crack-side
How I smoked funk, smacked bitches on the backside
Bed-Stuy, the place where my head rests
Fifty shot clip if a nigga wan' test
The rocket launcher, Biggie stomped ya
High as a motherfuckin helicopter
That's why I pack a nina, fuck a misdeameanor
Beatin motherfuckers like Ike beat Tina
[What's Love, Got to Do]
when I'm rippin all through your whole crew
Strapped like bamboo, but I don't sling guns
I got bags of funk, and it's sellin by the tons
Niggaz wanna know, how I live the mack life
Making money smoking mics like crack pipes
It's type simple and plain to maintain
I add a little funk to the brain
Machine Gun Funk baby!

Repeat chorus
I can't light no more of your darkness
All my pictures seem to fade to black and white
I'm growing tired and time stands still before me
Frozen here on the ladder of my life

It's too late to save myself from falling
I took a chance and changed your little life
But you misread my meaning when I met you
Closed the door and left me blinded by the light

Don't let the sun go down on me
Although I search myself it's someone else I see
I'd just allow a fragment of your life to wander free
But losing everything is like the sun going down on me

I can't find all the right romantic lines
But see me once and see the way I feel
And don't discard me just because you think I mean you harm
But these cuts I have they need love to help them heal

(repeat chorus twice)
(Tupac) They say

Intro/Chorus:
(B-Legit) Influenced by crime, addicted to grindin
(C-Bo) Where I can pile up my chips
(Richie Rich) And niggaz call me a timer
(Tupac) I been ballin since my adolecsent years steady climbin
(E-40) Man, you motherfuckers don't know nuttin about no timin

(Tupac) That's right, that's right boy start that shit off

Verse One: 2Pac

I heard a rumour I died, murdered in cold blood dramatized
Picutes of me in my final stage you know Mama cried
But that was fiction, some coward got the story twisted
Like I no longer existed, mysteriously missin
Although I'm worldwide, baby I ain't hard to find
Why I spend most of my time on California crime
Watching for thievin I'm cautious it's like I'm barely breathin
Puttin a bullet in mutherfuckers give me a reason
See me and hope I'm intoxicated or slightly faded
You tried to play me now homicide is my only payment
I'm addicted to currency in this life I lead
Why the fuck you cowards be runnin, too scared to fight a G
For the life of me, I cannot see
How motherfuckers picture livin life after a night of fuckin around with me
And if you don't like this rhyme
then bring your big bad ass to California, cause we ain't hard to find

(B-Legit) Influenced by crime, addicted to grindin
(C-Bo) Where I can pile up my chips
(Richie Rich) And niggaz call me a timer
(Tupac) I been ballin since my adolecsent years steady climbin
(E-40) Man, you motherfuckers don't know nuttin about no timin

Verse Two: C-Bo, B-Legit

I got my locs on hard hat goin to war
Breakin them off on sight, stoppin lives like red lights
Watch em pause as I pull my strap, out my drawers
And get to dumpin on they ass, like the last outlaws
Rich, Tupac and the Click, smokin blunts, loadin clips
With enough shit to raise your block in one dip
We bring on horror like Tales From the Crypt
And we ain't hard to find is the tales that we kick

I'm fully automatic full of static and shit
Movin Dodge van fifty rounds in the clip
I'm ridin shot gun with the tint in the back
I'm plan to have a motherfuckerin mint in this rap
I'm from the V-A-L-L-E-J-O
Where sellin narcotics is all I know
I got blow, speed, bleed, whatever yo' kind
And if you need a motherfucker I ain't hard to find

Some may call me Bootsy, but I call it timin
That's while I keeps on grindin (that's right)
to the point where a nigga can't stop
Too much feelin this shit, that's why I'm quick to peel a bitch
Whether it's a nigga or a hoe, a hoe
get in my way, then that ass gots to go
Cause a nigga steady plottin
I serves hit for hit, and motherfuckers keep droppin

(B-Legit) Influenced by crime, addicted to grindin
(C-Bo) Where I can pile up my chips
(Richie Rich) And niggaz call me a timer
(Tupac) I been ballin since my adolecsent years steady climbin
(E-40) Man, you motherfuckers don't know nuttin about no timin

(Tupac) C-Bo and D-Shot, E-40, Richie Rich
(E-40) Da Bay, beitch!

Verse Three: E-40, Richie Rich

Down the steps
Abandonded broken down apartment complex
Heavy metal lipstick hairy can't be scary
Playboy, what the fuck is the proof without the drama play
Nigga, what the fuck you got a gun for, if ya gonna hesitate
Best shake and bake although mine was first to ask niggaz
Motherfuckers didn't think I wasn't going do somethin, ask niggaz
Threaten your life, ain't like you love him
Bury your thoughts, take his head fuck him have at him

Check this out
I grew up with that nigga, threw up with that nigga
I hear he tryin to ride, double-edgin for the other side
But now, my glock be so judgemental
Back seat of a rental keep my name out your dental
Nigga, if your gum bleedin, and you needin
mo' than twenty sticthes, you behaved like dem bitches
Sideways to the race
Heavy in the game, check the resident it's all the same
Nigga, and we ain't hard to find

(Tupac) Hell nah we ain't hard to find
(C-Bo) The whole clickilation fool
(E-40) Motherfuckers hard to find, right here bitch

(Tupac)
Why them niggaz actin like they can't find us
like like they can't see us and
like we don't be at the same spots they be at
It's the same congregation, Young Pac is back
YouknowhatImean?
(C-Bo) Nigga be lookin all the way when he see you and shit
It's a celebration, Young Pac is back
(E-40) Motherfuckers better understand this shit
(Tupac)
Ay D-Shot nigga can we get paid man?
Can we just go there and sock this shit up?
Hey, we smokin, and we ain't hard to fine
Drinkin and shit, fuckin with some hurricane
(E-40) A motherfucker's gonna get his Marlboros regardless playa
(Tupac) You suPPOSED to
Sideways to the next light...
Take the baseline out, uh huh
Jigga uh huh uh huh uh huh

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life

From standin' on the corner, Boppin'
To drivin' some of the hottest cars New York has ever seen
To droppin' some of the hottest verses rap has ever heard
From the dope spot, with the smoke glock
Fleein' the murder scene, you know me well
From nightmares of a lonely cell, my only hell
But since when ya'll niggas know me to fail? Fuck Naw
Where all my niggas with the rubber grips, bus shots
And if you with me, ma I rub on ya tits, and what not
I'm from the school of the hard knocks, we must not
Let outsiders violate our blocks, and my plot
Let's stick up the world and split it 50-50, uh huh
Let's take the dough and stay real jiggy, uh huh
Let's sip the Cris and get pissy pissy
Flow infinitely like the memory of my nigga Biggie, baby!
You know its hell when I come through
The life and times of Shawn Carter nigga Volume 2
Ya'll niggas get ready

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life

I flow for those droed out
All my niggas locked in the 10 by 4 controllin' the house
We live in hard knocks we don't take over we bomb blocks
Burn 'em down and you can have 'em back daddy, I'd rather that
I flow for chicks wishin' they ain't have to strip to pay tuition
I see you vision mama; I put my money on the long shots
All my ballers that born to clock
Now I'ma be on top whether I perform or not
I went from lukewarm to hot
from Sleepin' on futons and cots, to king size,
green machinse, to green 5's Ive seen pies
let the thing between my eyes analyze life's ills
Then I put it down tight real
I'm tight grill with the phony rappers, you might feel we homeys
I'm like still you don't know me, shit
I'm tight real when my situation ain't improvin'
I'm tryin' to murder everythin' movin', Feel Me

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life

I don't know how to sleep, I gotta eat, stay on my toes
Got a lot of beef so logically I prey on my foes
Hustlin' still inside of me and as far as progress
You be hard-pressed to find another rapper hot as me
I gave you prophecy on my first joint, and ya'll lamed out
Didn't really appreciate it 'til the second one came out
So I stretched the game out, X'ed your name out
Put Jigga on top, and drop albums non-stop for ya nigga

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life
It's the Hard Knock Life
It's the Hard Knock Life
Take this for example young brothers want rep
Cause in the life they're living, you can't half step
It starts with the young ones doing crime for fun
And if you ain't down, you'll get played out son
So let's get a car, you know, a fly whip
Get a dent, pull a screwdriver, and be off quick
With a dope ride, yeah, and a rowdy crew
We can bag us a Benz and an Audi, too
Even a jeep or a van, goddamn, we're getting ours, yo
Take a trip up the strip, and be like stars so
It doesn't matter if the cops be scoping
They can't do jack, that's why a young brother's open
To do anything, anywhere, anyplace
Buckwild in another court case
It's the code of the streets

They might say we're a menace to society
But at the same time I say &amp;amp;quot;Why is it me?&amp;amp;quot;
Am I the target, for destruction?
What about the system, and total corruption?
I can't work at no fast-food joint
I got some talent, so don't you get my point?
I'll organize some brothers and get some crazy loot
Selling D-R-U-G-S and clocking dollars, troop
Cause the phat dough, yo, that suits me fine
I gotta have it so I can leave behind
The mad poverty, never having always needing
If a sucker steps up, then I leave him bleeding
I gotta get mine, I can't take no shorts
And while I'm selling, here's a flash report
Organized crime, they get theirs on the down low
Here's the ticket, wanna bet on a horse show?
You gotta be a pro, do what you know
When you're dealing with the code of the streets

Nine times out of ten I win, with the skills I be weilding
Got the tec one dealing, let me express my feelings
Guru has never been one to play a big shot
It's just the styles I got that keep my mic hot
Anf fuck turning my back to the street scene
It gives me energy, so Imma keep fiends
Coming, just to get what I'm selling
Maybe criminal or felon dropping gems on your melon
So keep abreast to the GangStarr conquest
Underground ruffnecks, pounds of respect
I've never been afraid to let loose my speech
My brothers know I kick the code of the streets
(feat. Kanye West, John Mayer)

[Chorus]
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go, go
Uh, on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go, go
And on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now

[Common]
(Go) She was a bad (uh), the type at the club niggaz would grab her
(Go) Fantasized when I had her, in the bathroom sweatin' with her ass up
(Go) The body of a dancer, we had chemistry cuz she was a Cancer
Thought forever it would last for, but forever move faster, so I had to
(Go) Still I gotta pause when I think about her in dem draws
(Go) And a ooh baby she liked it raw and like rain when she came it poured
(Go) And like a car that I can't afford I would want it then want some more
The positions our frames explored let me know she was secure, back for more I wanna

[Chorus]
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go, go
Uh, on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go, go
And on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now

[Common]
(Go) Freaky like the daughter of a pastor, said I was bait for her to master
(Go) Little red corvette now she was faster, wet dreams Le'maire cream the bathroom
(Go) We made love and then laughter, and anyway I wanted I could have her
Said there were some girls that did attract her, a new chapter she was after so I said let's
(Go) To a place that you wanna be, uh get what you want from her and me uh
(Go) Free love I wanna see uh, hot sex in the third degree uh
(Go) You gettin' served while servin' me uh, dirty words encourage me to
Rock steady and sturdily on, you turnin' me no turnin' back the further we

[Chorus]
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go, go
Uh, on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go and on the count of three
(Go) go, go, go, go, go, go
And on the count of three everybody run back to your fantasy, now
Song begins with shots being fired and Snoop being shot...

As I look up at the sky
my mind starts trippin',a tear drops my eye
my body temperature falls
I'm shakin' and they breakin' tryin' to save the Dogg
pumpin' on my chest and I'm screamin'
I stop breathin,damn,I see demons
dear God I wonder can you save me
I can't die my Booboo's 'bout to have my baby
I think it's to late for prayin'
hold up,a voice spoke to me and it slowly started sayin':
"Bring your lifestyle to me I'll make it better"
How long will I live?
"Eternal life and forever"
But will I be the G that I was?
"I'll make your life better than you can imagine or even dream of
so relax your soul
let me take control,close your eyes my son"
My eyes are closed.

I'm fresh up out my coma
I got my momma and my daddy and my homiez in my corner,
It's gonna take a miracle they say
for me to walk again and talk again but anyway
I get fronted some ki's
to get back on my feet
and everything that nigga said came to reality
livin' like a baller loc
havin' money and blowin' hella chronic smoke
I bought my momma a benz my booboo a jag
and now I'm rollin' in a nine trizay('93)L Dogg ragg
"Just remember who changed your life
cause when you start set trippin',that ass is mine"
indeed.agreed
proceed to smoke weed
never have I want, never have I need
they say I'm greedy but I still want more
'cause my eyes want to jurney some more,really doe
check it out

-Now I lay me down to sleep,
I pray the Lord my soul to keep,if I should die
before I wake, I pray the lord my soul to take-

No more indo,gin and guice
I'm on my way to Chino,rollin on the grey goose
shackled from head to toe
25 with an izL with nowhere to gizo
I know
them niggas from the other side recognize my face 'cause it's O.G.
D.O.G.G-L.B.C.
mad doggin' niggas 'cause I don't care
red jumpsuit with two brades in my hair
niggas stare as I enter the center
they send me to a level 3 yard thats where I stay late
nite I hear toothbrushes scrapin' on the floor
niggas gettin' they shanks just incase the war
pops off,'cause you can't tell what's next
my little homey Babyboo took a pencil in his neck
and he probably wont make it to see 22
I put that on my momma I'm a ride for you Babyboo
This transmission is coming to you
You got it
We see the earth
Uh we see the uh earth now uh
Dads gone down the dog track, Engels' laying cables
Brothers with his student friends plotting in the stables
They're preparing for power and how to win
I'm covered in Solaire and preparing to swim
&amp;quot;Old Iron! Old Iron!&amp;quot; - I heard the bobby shout
As he brought his friendly truncheon down with
with a God Almighty clout.
Mothers playing bingo, she's hoping for a big win
She buys the daily papers to see how 10% live
My cousins' greatest wish, is to one day buy a farm
And turn it into a health club with top people charm
&amp;quot;Any evening, any day&amp;quot; - I'm singing to myself
I'll pack up all my clothes and dough and piss off somewhere else.

My ol' man was a dust person until he got the shove
Now the iron heel he talked about is backed by the iron glove
Brothers bought new glasses, shaped like Leon Trotsky's
They look very nice on the mantlepiece, next to the Royal family
I'm laying back with the radio on, in time to hear the Archer's
An everyday tale of country folk mixed up in prostitution.

Like all good stories with a happy end, which I'll now give to you
Our cousins wish was granted and so his dream came true
His gas shares doubled, while his telecoms soared
Til he had enough money, to chair his own board
And thank you Margaret Thatcher, &amp;quot;may you never come to harm&amp;quot;
He now serves cocktails and lettuce at a Top Peoples Health Club Farm.
Chorus: (sampled)

After laughter, comes tears

Verse One: The RZA

Yo check yo yo, check the script
Me and the gods get it ripped
Blunts in the dip, forty dogs in my lip
Had a box, 'Boom Boom' the bass will blast
We was laughing, at all the girls that passed
Conversation, brothers had begin to discuss
(Hey yo, Ra, remember that kid ya bust?)
Aw yeah, he ran, but he didn't get far
Cause I dropped him, heh heh heh heh heh HA
Not knowin, exactly what lied ahead
My little brother, my mother sent him out for bread
Get the Wonder, it's a hot day in the summer
Didn't expect, to come across, a crazy gunner
&amp;amp;quot;Hey Shorty, check it for the bag and the dough&amp;amp;quot;
But he was brave, looked him in the eye, and said &amp;amp;quot;No!!&amp;amp;quot;
Money splattered him, BOW! then he snatched the bag
In his pockets, then he jetted up the Ave.
Girls screamin, the noise up and down the block
(Hey, Rakeem!) What? (Your little brother got shot!)
I ran frantically, then I dropped down to his feet
I saw the blood, all over, the hot concrete
I picked him up, then I held him by his head
His eyes shut, that's when I knew he was...
Aw man! How do I say goodbye?
It's alway the good ones who have to die
Memories in the corner of my mind
Flashbacks, I was laughin all the time
I taught him, all about the bees and birds
But I wish I had a chance to sing these three words

Chorus

Verse Two: Ghostface Killer

Me and my man, my ace big Moe from the shelter
Bout to hit the skins, from this girl named Thelma
Now Thelma had a rep, that was higher than her neck
Every girl from Shaolin dissed her respect
We was stimmy, you know how it is when you're blitzed
Three o'clock in the morning, something gots to give
Moe said he'll go first, I said I'll take next
Here, take this raincoat, and practice safe sex
He seemed to ignore, I said be for real
She's not even worth it, to go raw deal
A man's gonna do what a man's gonna do
He got butt-naked and stuck the power U
Twenty minutes went by, my man went out, without a doubt
I'm not pumpin' up, I am, airin out
Hey yo, he came out laughing with glory
I'm surprised, he's still livin', to tell his story
But he carried on, with the same old stuff
with Stephanie, like a whammy, he pressed his luck
Both tried to be down with O.P.P.
Ain't nuttin' wrong but he got caught with the H.I.V. now
No life to live, doc says two more years
So after the laughter, I guess comes the tears

&amp;amp;lt;Chorus X2&amp;amp;gt;
Intro:
(Mixx cuts:
"DROP YO' DRAWS AND OPEN YO' LEGS UP WIDE, BITCH!")

Verse 1: Brother Marquis
I've been wanting to tell you this for a while
I like your fake blue eyes and your hoey style
So let's go for a walk through the park
You can suck my dick in the dark
And just do what I ask; bitch, bend over
Let me ride your backside like dogs do each other
I know that you're with it, so don't start frontin'
I don't wanna be your man; I wanna MOVE SOMETHIN'!

(Mixx cuts:
"You might as well give up the pussy."
"Oh no!")

Verse 2: Fresh Kid Ice
Listen up, baby, you look real pretty
Let me pull up your shirt and suck your titties
Yes, pretty lady, I love you so
Since the time we met, my dick has grown
You had other men; now it's my chance
Give me some time to take off my pants
The time has come; don't be frontin'
Just drop them draws, and let's MOVE SOMETHIN'!

(Mixx cuts:
"Now what the hell do you want??"
"I want to FUCK!")

Verse 3: Brother Marquis
Let's rent a room at a fuck-motel
Then play this game called "Ring the Sleigh Bells"
Put the "Do not disturb" sign on the door
And ride this dick 'till it gets sore
Then open your legs, put 'em in the buck
'Cause that's the way I like to fuck
It's real simple; it's not really nothin'
All you have to do is MOVE SOMETHIN'!

(Mixx cuts:
"Now let's find a motel so I can see how you fuck!"
"Haaa?!"
"Big daddy...."
"Please..."
"Don't rush me, bitch!"
"Move your body to the beat"
"Haao, work on my ass, baby!!")

Verse 4: Fresh Kid Ice
Look, baby doll, don't lie or front
You know what I need and I know what you want
Let's go to the beach, we'll lay in the sand
And I'll prove to you that I'm a real man
And the way it felt, it was real tight
It chilled my body and the feeling was right
It's all for love; it's you I've been wantin'
Just roll those hips and let's MOVE SOMETHIN'!
You say one for the trouble, two for the time
Come on y'all let's rock this!
You say one for the trouble, two for the time
Come on!

Speech is my hammer, bang the world into shape
Now let it fall... (Hungh!!)
My restlessness is my nemesis
It's hard to really chill and sit still
Committed to page, I write rhymes
Sometimes won't finish for days
Scrutinize my literature, from the large to the miniature
I mathematically add-minister
Subtract the wack
Selector, wheel it back, I'm feeling that
(Ha ha ha) From the core to the perimeter black,
You know the motto
Stay fluid even in staccato
(Mos Def) Full blooded, full throttle
Breathe deep inside the trunk hollow
There's the hum, young man where you from
Brooklyn number one
Native son, speaking in the native tongue
I got my eyes on tomorrow (there it is)
While you still try to follow where it is
I'm on the Ave where it lives and dies
Violently, silently
Shine so vibrantly that eyes squint to catch a glimpse
Embrace the bass with my dark ink fingertips
Used to speak the King's English
But caught a rash on my lips
So now my chat just like dis
Long range from the base-line (switch)
Move like an apparition
Float to the ground with ammunition (chi-chi-chi-POW)
Move from the gate, voice cued on your tape
Putting food on your plate
Many crews can relate
Who choosing your fate (yo)
We went from picking cotton
To chain gang line chopping
To Be-Bopping
To Hip-Hopping
Blues people got the blue chip stock option
Invisible man, got the whole world watching
(where ya at) I'm high, low, east, west,
All over your map
I'm getting big props, with this thing called hip hop
Where you can either get paid or get shot
When your product in stock
The fair-weather friends flock
When your chart position drop
Then the phone calls....
Chill for a minute
Let's see who else tops
Snatch your shelf spot
Don't gas yourself ock
The industry just a better built cellblock
A long way from the shell tops
And the bells that L rocked (rock, rock, rock, rock...)

*scratching*

Hip Hop is prosecution evidence
The out of court settlement
Ad space for liquor
Sick without benefits (hungh!)
Luxury tenements choking the skyline
It's low life getting tree-top high
Here there's a back water remedy
Bitter intent to memory
A class E felony
Facing the death penalty (hungh!)
Stimulant and sedative, original repetitive
Violently competitive, a school unaccredited
The break beats you get broken with
on time and inappropriate
Hip Hop went from selling crack to smoking it
Medicine for loneliness
Remind me of Thelonius and Dizzy
Propers to B-Boys getting busy
The war-time snap shot
The working man's jack-pot
A two dollar snack box
Sold beneath the crack spot
Olympic sponsor of the black glock
Gold medallist in the back shot
From the sovereign state of the have-nots
Where farmers have trouble with cash crops (woooo)
It's all city like phase two
Hip Hop will simply amaze you
Craze you, pay you
Do whatever you say do
But black, it can't save you
forever

forever may not be long enough for my love
I have a will but I'm lost inside your time
if you could would you come with me to the other side
forever may not be long enough
forever may not be long enough
forever may not be long enough for this life

forever (3x)

this world is never enough
and I'm not giving it up (forever)
my faith in love is like blood
I spill it freely for some (forever)
my faith in love is like blood
it flows in everyone (forever)
don't stop to look at the clock
forever won't be long enough

forever may not be long enough for you to know
just how far I'd travel, just how far I would go
open your heart and everything will be allright
open your heart baby leave with me don't be afraid


forever

this world is never enough
and I'm not giving it up (forever)
my faith in love is like blood
I spill it freely for some (forever)
my faith in love is like blood
it flows in everyone (forever)
don't stop to look at the clock
forever won't be long enough

forever may not be long enough for our love

forever ...
(Dominique) Street Science, you're on the air *static*
What do you feel when you hear a record like Tupac's new one? *static*
(Man Responds) I love Tupac's new record *static*
(Dominique)
Right, but don't you feel like that creates *static*
a tension between East and West? *static*
He's talking about killing people *static*
I had sex with your wife and not in those words *static*
but he's talking about I wanna see you deceased *static*

Intro: Makaveli

No doubt... to live and die in LA
California -- what you say about Los Angeles
Still the only place for me that never rains in the sun
and everybody got love

Verse One: Makaveli

To live and die in LA, where everyday we try to fatten our pockets
Us niggaz hustle for the cash so it's hard to knok it
Everybody got they own thang, currency chasin
Worldwide through the hard times, worryin faces
Shed tears as we bury niggaz close to heart
What was a friend now a ghost in the dark, cold hearted bout it
Nigga got smoked by a fiend, tryin to floss on him
Blind to a broken man's dream, a hard lesson
Court cases keep me guessin, plea bargain
ain't an option now, so I'm stressin, cost me more
to be free than a life in the pen
Makin money off of cuss words, writin again
Learn how to think ahead, so I fight with my pen
Late night down Sunset likin this sin
What's the worst they could do to a nigga got me lost in hell
To live and die in LA on bail, my angel sing

Chorus: Val Young

To live and die in LA, it's the place to be
You've got to be there to know it,
what everybody wanna see
(2X)

Verse Two: Makaveli

It's the, City of Angels and constant danger
South Central LA, can't get no stranger
Full of drama like a soap opera, on the curb
Watchin the ghetto bird helicopters, I observe
So many niggaz gettin three strikes, tossed in jail
I swear the pen the right across from hell, I can't cry
Cause it's on now, I'm just a nigga on his own now
Livin life Thug style, so I can't smile
Writin to my peoples when they ask for pictures
Thinkin Cali just fun and bitches, hahaha
Better learn about the dress code, B's and C's
All them other niggaz copycats, these is G's
I love Cali like I love woman
Cause every nigga in LA got a little bit of Thug in him
We might fight with each other, but I promise you this
We'll burn this bitch down, get us pissed
To live and die in LA
(Let my angel sing)

Chorus

Verse Three: Makaveli

Cause would it be LA without Mexicans?
Black love brown pride in the sex again
Pete Wilson tryin to see us all broke, I'm on some bullshit
Out for everything they owe, remember K-DAY
Weekends, Crenshaw -- MLK
Automatics rang free, niggaz lost they way
Gang signs being showed, nigga love your hood
But reconize and it's all good, where the weed at?
Niggaz gettin shermed out
Snoop Dogg in this muhfucka perved out, M.O.B.
Big Suge in the Low-Low, bounce and turn
Dogg Pound in the Lex, wit a ounce to burn
Got them Watts niggaz with me, OFTB
They got some hash took the stash left the rest for me
Neckbone, Tre, Head Ron, Punchy too
Big Rock got knocked, but this one's for you
I hit the studio and drop a jewel, hopin it pay
Gettin high watchin time fly, to live and die in LA
(Let my angel sing)

Chorus

Outro: Makaveli

This go out for 92.3, and 106
All the radio stations that be bumpin my shit
Makin my shit sells katruple quitraple platinum, hehe
This go out to all the magazines that supported me
All the real motherfuckers
All the stores, the mom and pop spots
A&amp;R people, all y'all motherfuckers
LA, California Love part motherfuckin Two
Without gay ass Dre
(Chorus)
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand
Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman
Fuck a peace plan of citizen bystands
But shit is in my hands, here's your life span
For what your life's worth this money is twice than
Grab a couple grand and live a nice land
See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan
I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin'
Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin'
Shot a man twice in the back when he tried escapin'
I want the whole plot, I won't be denied nathan
Maybe I need my head inside straightened
Brain contemplatin', clean out the register
Dip before somebody catches ya
Or gets ya description an' sketches ya
The connection was the prime suspect
But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet
Cuz I got a daughter to feed
And $200 ain't enough to water the seed
The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell an' hit up Chess King
And have the lady at the desk bring
Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' the Mac
Cooperate and we can operate and save an attack
This bitch tried escapin' the jack
Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote
You barely heard a word as she choked
It wasn't nuttin' for her to be smoked
But I slammed her on her back 'til her vertebrae broke
Just then the pigs bust in yellin' Freeze!
But I'm already wanted for sellin' keys
And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin' bees
So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees
I bust shots, they bust back
Hit the square in the chest, he wasn't wearin' a vest

(Chorus)
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

Left the house, pullin' out the drive backin' out
Need a backin' out this lady's Jag started blackin' out
Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face
Shut ya yackin' mouth before I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp
Drug her by her hair, smacked her up
Thinkin' fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up
Stole her car, made a profit
Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window
Like the girl on Set It Off did
Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal
Drove in thru somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool
Climbed out and collapsed on the patio
I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though
Parents screamin': Son, go in and call the police
Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!
Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up
Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff
Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a nick before
Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64
When they sell out in stores the price triples
I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles
And colliding with an 80-year old lady with groceries
There goes the cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties
Stood up and started to see stars
Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars
Barely escaped, must-a been some dumb luck
Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck
But I think somebody seen me maybe
Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I must-a dropped the Beanie Baby
Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits
Came out with a white flag hollerin' TRUCE TRUCE!
Surrendered my weapon to cops
Wasn't me! It was the gangsta rap and the peppermint Schnopps

(Chorus)
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate
All I see is murder murder, my mind state
Murder, murder, murder, and kill, kill, kill!

(scratches to fade out)
Goddamn
Missed and hit a nigga in his head with dis one
Ima paint da city red wit dis one
Ima head wit dis one
See u fuckin wit da boys who tote toyz way b4 Christmas.
No assisstance (jis) That persistence me. That commitment if- I don't get it somebody gone die tonite-
I kno my vibe is tight- And I deserve da throne - if da kid ain't right- den let me die in his souls.
I'll be ridin (jis)
Ridin alone
Wit my daddy on my mind like u gotta be kiddin
How da hell u ain't here 2 see ya prince do his thing
Sometimes I wanna drop a tear but no emotions from a king
Shall be
So I be who I be
Dats me, dats Weezy F. Baby and
Please say da motherfucking
So I be who I be
Dats me, dats Weezy F. Baby and
Please say da motyherfuckin

[Chorus]
Baby u gotta kno dat im just out here doin what I gotta do 4 me and u and we eatin
So bitch
y da fuck iz u trippin.
I'm takin dese chances
My head 2 da sky
My feet on da ground
My fingas 2 da judge if da money don't move
And I won't budge
Won't budge
No I won't budge no
Nall

[Verse 2:]
Money iz da motivation
Facin da avenue
Back touchin' da wall
Got da weed
Got da gun
Gotta run wen I hear dat bird call (birrr) Dang
Hop in dat thang and merk off
swerve off
U kno me, dey call me Birdman Jr.
Ne body murderer
Birdman sponsor it
Phantom of da operah
All black- clock tent- locked in
I can let dem shots out
U can't get no shots in
Bullet proof
Leave a nigga wit a bullet proof
Shoot ya in ya mouth and call it bullet tooth
I'm like what dey do
What 2 do
Theres a full court
Pressure I'm just going 4 da 2
If I'm movin for da three
Ima take it in a second
Even if theres one second and
ima make it. It's nothin
I don't take it for granted
I don't take it for nothin.
I take it for what it is worth to da durf motherfucker
(yea)

[Chorus: Repeat 1x]

[Verse 3:]
I ain't neva killed nobody I promise
I promise if u try me
U gone have to rewind dis track and make me go back, dat nigga go dat
Dat boy will lay flat so flat
Dat act is wat I perform amongst u hatas
Got Nina in my palm and I'm masturbating (black)
Peter pan flies till I die what u sayin
Baden ape, Yves Saint, Evisu iz wat I stand
Got me feelin' like scarface, light the Cohiba
Streets reply I look right in da 4 seater
You know I be out here ridin da 4 seater
Top floor of the 4 Seasons four of them whores
And they all know how to cook it up
And look I got some
And only one know how to bag, bitch bundle up
See its a cold world so homey bundle up
We ain't on dis grind for nothin
Now get ya hustle up
Verse One: Andre

One for the money yes uhh two for the show
A couple of years ago on Headland and Delowe
Was the start of somethin good
Where me and my nigga rodes the MARTA, through the hood
Just tryin ta find that hookup
Now everyday we look up at the ceiling
Watchin ceiling fans go around tryin ta catch that feelin
off instrumental, had my pencil, and plus my paper
We caught the 86 Lithonia headed to Decatur
Writing rhymes tryin ta find our spot off in that light
Light off in that spot, known that we could rock
Doin the hole in the wall clubs, this shit here must stop
Like freeze, we makin the crowd move but we not makin no G's
And that's a nono

Verse Two: Big Boi

Yeah, uhh, check it
Ahh one two, ahh one two doe, niggaz
in the Cadillac they call us went from Player's Ball to ballers
Puttin the South up on the map was like Little Rock to bangin
Niggaz say motherfuck that playin, they payin
We stay in layin vo-cals, locals done made it with them big boys
up in dis industry, Outkast yea dem niggaz they makin big noise
Over a million sold to this day, niggaz they take it lightly
Ninety-six gon be that year that all y'all playa haters can bite me
...around this bitch

Chorus: repeat 2X

Me and you, your momma and your cousin too
Rollin down the strip on vogues
Comin up slammin Cadillac doz (doors)

Verse Three: Big Boi

Back in the day when I was younger, hunger
Lookin to fill me belly with that Rally's, bullshit, pull shit
off like it was supposed to be pulled
Full as a tick I was, stoned like white boys
Smokin them white golds before them blunts got krunk, chunky asses
passes gettin thrown like Hail Mary's and they lookin like Halle Berry
So so fine, intertwined, but we ain't sippin wine
We's just chillin, I'm the rabid villain, and I'm so high
Smokin freely, me Lil B, Greet, Mon and Shug
And my little brother James, thangs changed in the hood
where I live at, them rats know, mama I want to sing but
Mama I want to trick, and mama I'm suckin dick, now
We movin on up in da world like elevators
Me and the crew we pimps like eighty-two
Me and you like Tony Toni Tone
Like this Eastpointe and we gone

Chorus

Verse Four: Andre

Got stopped at the mall the other day
Heard a call from the other way
that I just came from, some nigga was sayin somethin
talkin bout "Hey man, you remember me from school?" smoke some
Naw not really but he kept smilin like a clown
facial expression lookin silly
And he kept askin me, what kind of car you drive, I know you paid
I know y'all got buku of hoes from all them songs that y'all done made
And I replied that I had been goin through tha same thing that he had
True I got more fans than the average man but not enough loot to last me
to the end of the week, I live by the beat like you live check to check
If you don't move yo' foot then I don't eat, so we like neck to neck
Yes we done come a long way like them Slim ass cigarettes
from Virginia, this ain't gon stop so we just gonna continue

Chorus
INTRO./CHORUS
Faith Evans:

I really know how it feels to be, stressed out, stressed out
When you're face to face with your adversity
I really know how it feels to be, stressed out, stressed out
We're gonna make this work out eventually

VERSE ONE
Q-Tip &amp; Consequence:

Yo I ain't one to complain but there's things in the game
(And what's your name?) Consequence, I'm tight, burnt like flames
(Well why's that?) American dreams, they got the ghetto kid in a fiend

Q-Tip:
Don't stress that 'cause it's not in your bloodstream
Your whole being, comes from greatness, d'you remember?
Shatan got you caught in the storms of December
And brothers on the block packin' nines like September
Crazy situations keeps pockets on slender

Consequence:
Yo I be on the avenue where they be actin' brand new
I'm splurgin' on these Reebok joints for shorty boo

Q-Tip:
All of a sudden, I saw these two kids frontin'
Talkin' out they joints but they wasn't sayin' nothin'
My hand was on my toolie they was actin' unruly
(Say word) Yo word up, yo I was tight caught up
But I swallowed my pride and let that nonsense ride
Because I'm positive and seems that negative dies

Consequence:
Yo we was at the dice game makin' these cats look silly
Flamin', steady runnin' off at the Willie

Q-Tip:
I had my cash mixed, my rent due with my play-dough
I gotta see some loot so all my girls I blow
Shook them shits in my palm let 'em hit the flo'
Kept my eyeballs scopin' for them pigs po-po
I got to go on the ave see my parole by fo'
But I gotta steady freak these boys like Jojo

Consequence:
And I was doin' it, 'til I met Ike, Spike, and Mike
One roll, they had my pockets thirstier than Sprite

Q-Tip:
Yo, I know the feelin', when you feelin' like a villain
You be havin' good thoughts but the evils be revealin'
And the stresses of life can take you off the right path (No doubt)
Jealousy and envy tends to infiltrate your staff
We gotta hold it down so we can move on past
All adversities, so we can get through fast, like that

CHORUS

VERSE TWO
Consequence:

You got the NWO (low cash flow)
Your baby's on the way (and you don't know who)
And cross-town niggas tryin' to (bust at you)
Aiyyo they got me stressed out (and you don't know what to do)
So frame this Kodak black, and vision to my contact
with a poultry scrap, workers get pistol smacked
The switch hittin Queens, niggaz liquid sword spittin
with raw poppy, and now your first love is krill
Your vision of the mil got crept like Hey Lover
Tried to rise to the top, you just couldn't recover
And all I want is my laceration of the pie
to get this whip cream before the water runs dry
Niggaz flashdancin yo I don't know why
You're sick of snitchin, she got you cruisin to the pokey
like Smokey, the stress be tryin to squeeze out a homey
While I be tryin to get star status like Shinobi
So we can build a dynasty, just like the Tobys
And all I want, is the world to know my steez
These money hungry niggaz is seven thirty
And got me stressed out like these frog MCs

CHORUS

Outro.
Faith Evans:

Don't worry we gon make it (gonna make it)
Don't worry we gon make it (oh yeah)
Don't worry we gon make it (gonna make it)
We gon make it (gotta make it)
Don't worry we gon make it (gotta make it)
We're gonna make it (we gotta make it)
Don't worry we gon make it (we gonna make it)
We gonna make it (ohhhhhhh)
Don't worry we gon make it (ohhhhhhh)
Don't worry we gon make it (gonna make it)
Don't worry we gon make it (ohhhhhhh)
We gon make it (ahaowwhwwww)
Don't worry we gon make it (ahahwwww)
I know we gonna make it (we're gonna make it)
C'mon baby we gon make it (yeahhhh)
We gon make it (yeahhahhahhhh)
Don't worry we gon make it (we're gonna make it)
We've gotta make it (we've gotta make it)
We've gotta make it (oh yeah)
Know we're gonna make it
We're gonna make it, gonna make it, we gotta make it, know we gonna make it...
ah ha  I don't believe it... don't touch me. hey Ray, hey Sugar, tell 'em who we are

Well, we're big rock singers, we got golden fingers, and we're loved everywhere we go.
(That sounds like us)
We sing about beauty and we sing about truth at ten thousand dollars a show.
We take all kind of pills to give us all kind of thrills but the thrill we've never known
Is the thrill that'll getcha when you get your picture on the cover of the Rolling Stone.

Rolling Stone  wanna see my picture on the cover-
Stone- wanna buy 5 copies for my mother-
(Yeah)
Stone- wanna see my smilin face
on the cover of the Rolling Stone.
(That's a very good idea)

I got a freaky old lady name a Cocaine Kitty who embroiders on my jeans.
I got my poor old gray-haired daddy
Drivin my limousine.
Now it's all designed to blow our minds
But our minds won't really be blown
Like the blow that'll getcha when you get your picture on the cover of the Rolling Stone.

Rolling Stone- wanna see our pictures on the cover-
Stone- wanna buy 5 copies for our mothers-
Stone- wanna see my smilin face
on the cover of the Rolling Stone.

ROCK AND ROLL!
(Aw, that's just beautiful)

We got a lotta little teenage blue-eyed groupies
Who do anything we say.
We got a genuine Indian guru
Who's teachin us a better way.
We got all the friends that money can buy
so we never have to be alone.
(No)
And we keep getting richer but we can't get our picture
on the cover of the Rolling Stone
(Uh Huh)

Rolling Stone- wanna see my picture on the cover-
Stone- wanna buy 5 copies for my mother-
(I want one)
Stone- wanna see my smilin face on the cover of the Rolling Stone.

On the cover of the Rolling

Stone -Wanna see my picture on the cover-
(I don't know why we aint on the cover baby)
wanna buy 5 copies for my mother-
(Were beautiful folks)
wanna see my smilin face on the cover of the Rolling Stone.
(I aint kiddin ya We would make a beautiful cover)
(Front Shot.., Right on Front Man,
I can see it now we would be on front smilin Man' Ah beautiful)
So you want to be a rock &amp; roll star
Well listen now to what I say
Get yourself an electric guitar
And take some time and learn how to play
And when hair's combed right
And your pants are tight
It's gonna be all right

With time you go downtown
To the agent man he won't let you down
Sell your soul to the company
They're all waiting there
To sell plastic wares
And in a week or two if you make the charts
The girls will tear you apart

What you pay for these riches and fame
Well it's all a vicious game
You're a little insane
What you get is the public acclaim
Don't forget who you are


You're a rock &amp; roll star
Na na na na na . . .

Hey you. come here. get up.
Ah, this is the era where everybody creates.
Recognize my face?
They call me broken glass.
That's because of the sound [ ]
[ ]
What you pay for all these riches and fame
Well it's all a vicious game
You're a little insane.
Well you're a little insane
Oh a little insane
'cause the thing that you gain
Is the public acclaim
Don't forget who you are
Don't forget who you are
Don't forget who you are
You're a rock &amp; roll star
Verse one:

I'm rated &amp;amp;quot;R&amp;amp;quot;...this is a warning, ya better void,
Poets are paranoid, DJ's D-stroyed,
Cuz I came back to attack others in spite-
Strike like lightnin', It's quite frightenin'!
But don't be afraid in the dark, in a park,
Not a scream or a cry, or a bark, more like a spark;
Ya tremble like a alcoholic, muscles tighten up,
What's that, lighten up! You see a sight but,
Suddenly you feel like your in a horror flick,
You grab your heart then wish for tomorrow quick!
Music's the clue, when I come your warned,
Apocolypse Now, when I'm done, ya gone!
Haven't you ever heard of a MC-murderer?
This is the death penalty,and I'm servin' a
death wish, so come on, step to this
hysterical idea for a lyrical professionist!
Friday the thirteenth, walking down Elm Street,
you come in my realm ya get beat!
This is off limits, so your visions are blurry,
All ya see is the meters at a volume,
pumping Lyrics of Fury!

it's a ....fearified freestyle!

Terror in the styles, never error-files,
indeed I'm known-your exiled!
For those that oppose to be level or next to this...
I ain't a devil and this ain't the Exorcist!
worse than a nightmare, you don't have to sleep a wink,
the pain's a migraine every time ya think,
Flashbacks interfere, ya start to hear:
The R-A-K-I-M in your ear;
Then the beat is hysterical,
that makes Eric go get a ax and chops the wack,
soon the lyrical format is superior,
faces of death remain,
MC's decaying, cuz they never stayed,
the scene of a crime every night at the show,
the fiend of a rhyme on the mic that you know,
It's only one capable, breaks-the unbreakable,
melodies-unmakable, pattern-unecscapable,
a horn if want the style I posses,
I bless the child, the earth, the gods and bomb the rest,
for those that envy a MC it can be,
hazardous to your health so be friendly,
a matter of life and death, just like a ethch-a-sketch,
shake 'till your clear, make it disappear, make the next,
after the ceremony, let the rhyme rest in peace,
if not, my soul'll release!
the scene is recreated, reincarnated, updated, I'm glad you made it,
cuz your about to see a disasterous sight,
a performance never again performed on a mic:
Lyrics of fury!

a fearified freestyle!

the &amp;amp;quot;R&amp;amp;quot; is in the house-too much tension!
Make sure the system's loud when I mention
Phrases that's fearsome...
You want to hear some sounds that not only pounds but please your eardrums;
I sit back and observe the whole scenery,
then nonchalantly tell you what it mean to me,
strictly business I'm quickly in this mood,
and I don't care if the whole crowd's a witness!
I'm a tear you apart but I'm a spare you a heart,
program into the speed of the rhyme, prepare to start,
rhythm's out of the radius, insane as the craziest
musical madness MC ever made, see it's
now an emergency, open-heart surgery...
open your mind, you will find every word'll be
furier than ever, I remain the furture,
battle's tempting...whatever suits ya!
For words the sentence, there's no resemblance,
you think you're ruffer, then suffer the consequences!
I'm never dying-terrifying results,
I wake ya with hundreds of thousands of volts,
mic-to-mouth resuscitation, rhythm with radiation,
novicane ease the pain it might save him,
if not, Eric B.'s the judge, the crowd's the jury...
How do I plead to homicide?
Lyrics of Fury!

they're getting furier! a fearified freestyle!
{Dr. Dre} {First Verse}
Y'all know me, still the same ole G, but I been low key
Hated on by most these niggas with no cheese, no deals and no G's
No wheels and no keys, no boats, no snowmobiles, and no skis
Mad at me cause I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
Got a crib with a studio and it's all fulla tracks to add to the walls fulla plaques
Hanging up in the office and back of my house like trophies
Did y'all think I'ma let my doe freeze, hoe please, you betta bow down on both knees
Who you think taught you to smoke trees? Who you think brought you the Oldies?
Eazy-E's, Ice Cubes and D.O.C's,
The Snoop D-O double G's and the group that said mother fuck the police
Gave you a tape full dope beats to bump when you stroll through in ya hood
And when you albums sales wasn't doin' too good who's the Doctor they told you to go see?
Y'all better listen up closely, all you niggas that said that I'd turned pop
On the firm flop, y'all are the reason Dre ain't been gettin' no sleep
So fuck y'all, all of y'all
If y'all don't like me... Blow me
Y'all gone keep fuckin' around with me and turn me back to the old me

{Eminem} {Chorus} (2x)
Nowadays everybody wanna talk
Like they got somethin to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips,
Jus a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act, like they Forgot About Dre

{Second Verse}
So what do you say to some body you hate? (What)
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way?
Wanna resolve thing's in a bloodier way? (Yup)
Just study a tape of NWA
One day I was walkin by, with a walkman on, when I caught a guy
Givin me an awkward eye so I strangled him off at the parkin lot with his Karl Kani
I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not I'm harder than me tryna park a dodge
When I'm drunk as fuck right next to a humongous truck in a two car garage
Hoppin out with 2 broken legs tryna walk it off, fuck you too bitch, call the cops
I'ma kill you and them loud ass motherfuckin barkin dogs
And when the cops came through me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches and still weren't found out (Right here)
So from here goin out it's the Chronic Two, startin today and tomorrows the new
And I'm still loco enough to choke you to death wit a Charleston chew
chikka-chikka-chikka Slim Shady, hotter than a set of twin babies
In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up when the temp goes up to the mid 80's
Callin men ladies
Sorry doc but I been crazy
There's no way that you can save me
It's OK go with him Hailey (Da Da?)

{Chorus}(2x)

{Dr Dre} {Third Verse}
If it was up to me you motherfuckers would stop comin' up to me with ya hands out
Lookin' up to me, like you want somethin' free
When my last CD was out you wasn't bumpin' me
But now that I gots a lil company everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease
But you won't get a crumb from me cause I'm from the streets of Compton!
I told 'em all, all them lil gangsters who you think help mold 'em all?
Now you wanna run around talk about guns like I ain't got none
What you think I sold 'em all?
Cause I stay well off?
Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin Dre fell off?
What Cause I been in the lab with a pen n a pad tryna get this damn label off?
I ain't havin that
This is the millennium of Aftermath and ain't gonna be nothin after that
So gimmie one more platinum plaque and fuck rap, you can have it back
So wheres all the mad rappers at? It's like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats know that I was strapped with gats when you were cuddlin' a cabbage patch

{Eminem} {Chorus} x3
featuring Mike Tyson
{in the first section Tyson speaks over the "Rip Rock" instrumental}
[Mike Tyson]
Yo Canibus man whassup man?
I caught you on that cut with Wyclef man you were boomin
But I caught these foul slouch ass niggaz youknowmean?
Talkin foul bout you the other night
on the corner of the boulevard man I wasn't with that
but I ain't know you well enough to defend you though right?
But you seem like you got true game
But.. peep game man, they've been playin me all my life man
You know I won the title a couple of times, did right, youknowmean?
But they can't hurt us man, we gon' do it
Get up in this ring man put on these gloves
Let me show how to handle yourself man
You don't got nobody out there with you
I gots to show you man, get up in there move that head man
Come on to me man, but when you come man you gotta come for blood man
Come up to me man, come on bust that nigga whole man
Niggaz talkin that shit about you..

Hey Mike Tyson here speakin with the Canibus man over here
Yo Canibus your main objective out here is to do nuttin but
eat eat eat eat MC's, for lunch, breakfast
Hey man they been playin me all my life man
You know I won the title a couple of times did right
No but they can't hurt us man
We gonna do it, get up in this ring man, put on these gloves
Let me show you how to handle this yourself man

[Canibus]
So I'ma let the world know the truth, you don't want me to shine
You studied my rhyme, then you laid your vocals after mine
That's a bitch move, somethin that a homo rapper would do
So when you say that you +Platinum+, you only droppin +Clue's+
I studied your background, read the book that you wrote
Researched your footnotes, bout how you used to sniff coke
Frontin like a drug-free role model, you disgust me
I know bitches that seen you smoke weed recently
You walk around showin off your body cause it sells
Plus to avoid the fact that you ain't got skills
Mad at me cause I kick that shit real niggaz feel
While 99% of your fans wear high heels
From Ice-T to Kool Moe Dee to Jay-Z
Now you wanna fuck with me? You must be crazy!
You drippin with wack juice, and you can't get it off
You betta be prepard to finish what you start, nigga

[Referee]
Hey hey hey hey, you just hold it right there
(Yo, get off me man)
We got an illegal low blow on the fighter in the blue trunks
(Yo, yo get the fuck off me man)
If I see one more of those, you're outta here brotha
(Yo get out my way man, yo he started this shit)
You understand? (Fuck you!)
You'll be disqualified (I'll bite that nigga again!)
Stop bein a bitch (Get the fuck off me man!)
We came to see a fight

[Mike Tyson]
Yo Canibus man you gotta hit harder than that man
You don't want no bitch ass niggaz hangin out wit me man
We're warriors man, when we go into battle
we come out, or don't come out at all

[Canibus]
Yo
You better give me the respect that I deserve or I'ma take it by force
Blast you with a 45 colt, make you summersault
Shock you with a couple hundred thousand volt thunderbolts
Before you wanted a war, now you wanna talk
It's about who strikes the hardest, not who strikes first
That's why I laugh when I hear that wack ass verse
That shit was the worse [pause] rhyme I ever heard in my life
cause the greatest rapper of all time died on March 9th
God bless his soul rest in peace kid
It's because of him now at least I know +What Beef+ is
It's not what I would call this (nah) see this is somethin different
A faggot nigga tryin ta make a livin offa dissin
Somebody that he gotta know is betta than him
but he feelin himself, cause he got more cheddar than him
Well lemme tell you somethin, you might got mo' cash then me
But you ain't got the skills to eat a nigga's ass like me
And if you really want to show off, we can get it on
Live in front of the cameras on your own sitcom
I'll let you kick a verse, fuck it, I'll let you kick em all
I'll even wait for the studio audience to applaud [cheers]
Now watch me rip the tat from your arm
Kick you in the groin, stick you for your Vanguard award
In front of your mom your 1st, 2nd and 3rd born
Make your wife get on the horn call Minister Farrakhan
So he could persuade me to squash it, I saw naw he started it
He forgot what a hardcore artist is
A hardcore artist is a dangerous man, such as myself
trained to run 20 miles in soft sand
On or off land, programmed to kick hundreds of bars off hand
from a lost and forgotten land, you done did it man
You done spitted some wack shittit
And probably thought that because it's been a minute I'll forget it
Fuck that, cause like Common and Cube I see +The Bitch In Yoo+
and I'ma make the world see it too, motherfucker

[Referee]
Ladies and gentelman, we have a new lyrical weight champion
By second round knock out, 3 minutes and 40 seconds Can-i-bus

[Mike Tyson]
Yo Canibus man, you movin like Mike Tyson Jr. man
You in and out and you're agile with you flow man
But dig right, you got you gotta eat man, that's your name Canibus
Your whole agenda is to eat these niggaz man
They have no business to be in the same stage with you
holdin the mic with you

But dig right...
But dig right...
But dig right...
But dig right...
Hey Mike Tyson here speakin with the Canibus man over here
Yo Canibus your main objective out here is to do nuttin but
eat eat eat eat MC's for lunch, breakfast, dinner
That's your agenda baby
Your your agenda to to consume them
Their whole existance, they can't exist in your presence
The Canibus is here to rule forever
Mike Tyson, on the death
"Yeah.. sendin this one out.. to my man Killa B
No doubt indeed.. without weed.. knowhatI'msayin?
That old real shit..

[Prodigy]
There's a war goin on outside, no man is safe from
You could run but you can't hide forever
from these, streets, that we done took
You walkin witcha head down scared to look
You shook, cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks
They never around when the beef cooks in my part of town
It's similar to Vietnam
Now we all grown up and old, and beyond the cop's control
They better have the riot gear ready
Tryin to bag me and get rocked steady
by the mac one-double, I touch you
and leave you with not much to go home wit
My skin is thick, cause I be up in the mix of action
if I'm not at home, puffin lye relaxin
New York got a nigga depressed
So I wear a slug-proof underneath my Guess
God bless my soul, before I put my foot down and begin to stroll
And to the drama I built, and all unfinished beef
You will soon be killed, put us together
It's like mixin vodka and milk
I'm goin out blastin, takin my enemies with me
and if not, they scarred, so they will never forget me
Lord forgive me the Hennesey got me not knowin how to act
I'm fallin and I can't turn back
or maybe it's the words from my man Killa Black
that I can't say so it's left a untold fact, until my death
My goal's to stay alive
Survival of the fit only the strong survive

Chorus: Mobb Deep

Yo, yo
We livin this til the day that we die
Survival of the fit only the strong survive
(We still livin it)
We livin this til the day that we die
Survival of the fit only the strong survive
(Thug life, we still livin it)
We livin this til the day that we die
Survival of the fit only the strong survive
(We still livin it)
We livin this til the day that we die
(we livin this til the day that we die)
Survival of the fit only the strong survive
(survival of the fit only the strong..)

[Havoc]
I'm trapped, in between two worlds, tryin to get dough y'know
When the dough get low the jewels go, but never that
As long as fiends smoke crack
I'll be on the block hustlin countin my stacks
No doubt, watchin my back and proceed with caution
Five-oh lurkin, no time to get lost in -- the system
Niggaz usin fake names to get out quick
My brother did it and got bagged with two ounces
I-llegal world where squads hit the block hard
Ask my man Twin when he got bagged, that fucked me up God
But shit happens for a reason
You find out who's your true peoples when you're upstate bleedin
You can't find a shorty to troop your bid witchu
Hit wit a 2 to 4 it's difficult
Wild on the streets I try to maintain
Tight with my loot, cause hoes like to run game
Some niggaz like to trick but I ain't wit that trickin shit
I'm like a Jew, savin dough so I can big whip
Pushin a Lex, now I'm set, ready to jet
No matter how much loot I get I'm stayin in the projects, forever
Jakes on the blocks we out-clever
If beef, we never seperate and pull together
When worse comes to worse and my peoples come first
Try to react and get them motherfuckin feelings hurt
My crew's all about loot
Fuck lookin cute, I'm strictly Timb boots and army certified suits
Puffin L's, laid back, enjoyin the smell
In the Bridge gettin down it ain't hard to tell
You better realize

Chorus: Mobb Deep

We livin this til the day that we die
Survival of the fit only the strong survive
(We still livin it)
We livin this til the day that we die
Survival of the fit only the strong survive
(Thug life, we still livin it)
We livin this til the day that we die
Survival of the fit only the strong survive
(We still livin it)
We livin this til the day that we die
Survival of the fit only the strong survive
(Thug life, we still livin it)
(the strong survive)

[Prodigy]
Look in the eyes and get wise
Look alive, in ninety-five, word up
Hypnotic thug life, get that ass paralyzed
Knahmsayin? Mobb Deep and all that..
"
One, two
To a nigga nature
Hehe

[Verse 1]
No need to cry now, go wipe your tears
Be a woman, why you actin' surprised?
You showed the bullshit; commin' fake hair
fake nails, fake eyes too
So why you bound to fuck wit fake guys too
Aint nothin' hard about it
Why you lookin' sad, should'a though about it
Say you learn, i truly doubt it
I guess you got a problem with affection, kinda loose with the love
Gettin' freaky with the thug niggaz up in the club
Ask to buy you a drink, you holla Don Perione (spellin?)
Knowin' I'm a cash dealer, still I, remain calm
Let you chill with me
Plus you was smilin' 'til the bill miss me
That's what you get for trynna dick me
Missed me with that "buy me this, buy me that"- syndrome shit
Bitch get a job if you wanna be rich
Gettin' mad 'cuz i cursed and i screamed i hate'cha
Introduced you to a nigga nature, feel me

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Probably too nice at first
I lettin' you kiss where it hurts
Me and you gettin' busy, slangin' dick in the dirt
Met you at a pool party it was cool to kick it
See us, toungkissin', you was trouly with it
Little Exstacy, Hennesey, mix with me
Picture me pray for pussy when the dick's for free
Hey now, where my niggaz at? Tell these hoes
Before I pay; I jerk off, word to Moses
Visions of you sittin' there sweaty and wet
Pointin' at the places that you want me to hit
Give me room all up in the room, call the cops
Nigga, hit them walls til the bastard drop
Label me: Makaveli - Thug Nigga with pipe
Livin' life as a Rock Star friday nights
Make money, get pussy
Always keep a pager, cell-phone in the ride
To complete my Nature now!

[Chorus] (That's a nigga nature!)

[Verse 3]
Started as a seed from the semen
Straight outta Papa's nuts, lustin' for creamin'
Bitches wit big butts, curves make a nigga cry, tits and shit
When I'm locked down beggin' you for porno fleeks
Sneak weed in, helped a nigga passed the time
With my name tattoo'd so that ass is mine
Tell everybody; 'Pac put it down for good
A local legend through the whole hood
Follow me, I got a gun on me
Goin' for nun on the run baby
You know a nigga need some, is my son crazy?
Why I cry, when i be thuggin' til i die
Picture of nigga in heaven high, of weed I fly
Got me missin' dead homies with the phonies that died
Hit the weed and hope it get me high
Dear God, understand my ways, livin' major
Blessed with a thug's heart
In a realla nigga nature!

[Chorus x2] (That's a nigga nature!)
(Just be a nigga nation)
(It ain't my fault, that's a nigga nature)
(A nigga nature)
[Bone]
Bone Bone Bone Bone.. Bone.. Bone.. Bone.. Bone.. Bone
Now tell me whatcha gonna do
when there ain't no where to run (tell me what)
(When judgment comes for you, when judgment comes for you)
And whatcha gonna do
when there ain't no where to hide (tell me what)
When judgment comes for you (Cause it's gonna come for you)

[Bizzy]
Head south let's all bring it in for Wally, Eazy sees uncle Charlie
Little Boo, but God's got him and I'm gonna miss everybody
I only rolled and blows my gauge looked at him while he lay
When playing with destiny, plays too deep for me to say
Lil' Layzie came to me, told me if he should decease well then please
Bury me by my grand-grand and when you can, come follow me

[Layzie]
God bless you working on a plan to Heaven
Follow the Lord all 24/7 days, GOD is who we praise
even though the devil's all up in my face
But he keeping me safe and in my place, say grace
For the case to race with a chance to face the judge
And I betcha my soul won't budge
Grudge because there's no mercy for thugs
Oh what can I do it's all about our family and how we roll
Can I get a witness let it unfold
We living our lives to eternal our soul aye-oh-aye-oh

[Krayzie]
Prayyyyyyy, and we pray and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
Everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday
and we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
Still we laced, now follow me roll stroll
Whether is tell of his Heaven
Come let's go take a visit of people that's long gone
Darris, Wally, Eazy, Terry, Boo
It's steadily creeping up on the family
Exactly how many days we got lasting
While you laughing we're passing, passing away
So y'all go rest y'all souls
Cause I know I'ma meet you up at the crossroads
Y'all know y'all forever got love from them Bone Thugs baby

[Wi$h]
Lil Eazy's long gone
Really wish he would come home
But when it's time to die
Gotta go bye bye
All a lil thug could do is cry, cry
Why they kill my dog and man
I miss my uncle Charles y'all
and he shoudn't be gone, in front of his home
What they did to Boo was wrong
Oh so wrong, oh so wrong
Gotta hold on gotta stay strong
When the day comes
Better believe Bone got a shoulder you can lean on (lean on)

Hey and we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday
and we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday

[Chorus - Layzie and Krayzie]
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads

[Bizzy]
And I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody when I'm gone
And I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody

[Layzie]
Living in a hateful world sending me straight to Heaven
That's how we roll
Living in a hateful world sending me straight to Heaven
That's how we roll
Living in a hateful world sending me straight to Heaven
That's how we roll
And I'm asking the good LORD "Why?" and sigh
It's I he told me we live to die

[Krayzie]
What's up with murder y'all, see my little cousin was hung
Somebody was really wrong, everybody want to test us dawg
Then Miss Sleazy set up Eazy to fall, you know why we sinning
And Krayzie intended on ending it when it ends
Wanna come again, again and again
Now tell me whatcha gonna do

[Wi$h]
Can somebody anybody tell me why?
Hey, can somebody anybody tell me why we die, we die?
I don't wanna die

Ohhh so wrong
Ohhhhh wrong
Ohhh so wrong
Ohhhhh wrong

[Chorus - repeat gradually fading away]


[Thanks to micah231@aol.com, cakeater2@hotmail.com, rushshorty5@yahoo.com, Shortygirl4m8105@aol.com for correcting these lyrics]
Ah, push it

Ah, push it



Oooh, baby, baby

Baby, baby

Oooh, baby, baby

Baby, baby



Get up on this!



Ow! Baby!

Salt and Pepa's here!



[Now wait a minute, y'all

This dance ain't for everybody

Only the sexy people

So all you fly mothers, get on out there and dance

Dance, I said!]



Salt and Pepa's here, and we're in effect

Want you to push it, babe

Coolin' by day then at night working up a sweat

C'mon girls, let's go show the guys that we know

How to become number one in a hot party show

Now push it



Ah, push it - push it good

Ah, push it - push it real good

Ah, push it - push it good

Ah, push it - p-push it real good



Hey! Ow!

Push it good!



Oooh, baby, baby

Baby, baby

Oooh, baby, baby

Baby, baby



Push it good

Push it real good

Ah, push it

Ah, push it



Yo, yo, yo, yo, baby-pop

Yeah, you come here, gimme a kiss

Better make it fast or else I'm gonna get pissed

Can't you hear the music's pumpin' hard like I wish you would?

Now push it



Push it good

Push it real good

Push it good

P-push it real good



Ah, push it

Get up on this!



Boy, you really got me going

You got me so I don't know what I'm doing



Ah, push it
Shit, you motha fuckin right.
I'm the bitch that's keepin it live
and keepin it hot
when you punk ass niggas don't
Nigga, west side. What!!
Bring it on.

Look for me. Lost in the world wind 96.
Bonnie and Clyde.
Me and my girlfriend doin' 85 when we ride,
Trapped in this world of sin.
Born as a ghetto child.
Raised in this whirlwind.

Our childhood years recall the tears.
Heart laced with venom.
Smokin Shern, drinkin malt liquor.
Father forgive her.
Me and my girlfriend
must of fell in love with the struggle.
Hands on the steering wheel.
Bust! Watch me bail out and bust em.
Fuck em all. Watch em fall. Screamin.
Automatic gunfire exorcisin all demons.
My mafia off on the side.
My complication high,
ready to die
We bail out to take the jail back.
Niggas united.
Our first date.
Can't wait to see you naked.
Touch you in every secret place.
I can hardly wait to bust freely.
Got you red hot.
You so happy to see me.
Made the frontpage, primetime live on TV.
Nigga, my girlfriend
may be .45 but she still live.
One shot makin niggas heart beats stop.

What!!
I'm bustin on you punk ass niggas.
Run, nigga, run. I'm on your ass nigga.
Run, nigga, duck and hide.
I'm bustin on all you bitches.
Run, nigga, yeah.
West side, uh,uh,uh.
Die, nigga, die.

My girlfriend blacker than the darkest night.
When niggas act bitch made,
she got the heart to fight.
Nigga, my girlfriend.
Though we seperated at times,
I know deep inside baby girl'll always be mine.
Picked you up when you was nine.
Started out my life of crime wit you.
Bought you some shells when you turned 22.
It's true.
Nothing compares to the satisfaction
that I feel when we out mashin.
Me and my girlfriend.

(Chorus)
All I need in this life of sin,
Is me and my girlfriend.
Down to ride to the bloody end.
Just me and my girlfriend.

I was too immature to understand your ways.
Inexperienced back in the days.
Caused so many arguments and strays.
Now I realize how to treat cha.
The secret to keep ya.
Bein faitful cuz now cheating's leathal.
We closer than the hands of time.
Deeper than the drive of mankind.I trust you dearly,
I shoot blind.
In time I clock figures.
Droppin niggas as we rise.
We all souljas in God eyes.
Now it's time for war.
Never leave me waitin.
I'm paranoid.
Sleepin with you loaded by my bedside, crazy.
Jealous when you hang wit the fellas.
I wait patiently alone
anticipated for the moment you come home.
I'm watin by the phone.
This is true love, I can feel it.
I've had a lot of women in my bed
But you the realest.
If you need me, call.
I'll be there.
Through it all.
You're the reason I could stand tall.
Me and my girlfriend.

Chorus repeats

I love finger fuckin you.
All of a sudden I hearin thunder
when you bust a nut.
Niggas be duckin.
Or takin numbers.
Love to watch you at a block party
beggin for drama.
While unleashin on the old times.
That's on my mama.
I would trade my life for yours.
Behind closed door,
the only girl that I adore.
Everything I'm askin for.
Talkin to me,
beggin me to just take you around.
17, like Brandy, you just wanna be down.
Talkin loud.
When I tell you be quiet, you move a crowd.
Bustin rounds, activatin arye.
That's why I love you.
So no control, down to roll.
Unleash. After I hit, you break apart.
Then back to one piece.
Much love to my one and only girlfriend.
The world is ours.
Just hold me down.
Baby, witness the power.
Never leave a nigga alone.
I love you, black or chrome.
Turn this house into a happy home.
Me and my girlfriend.

Chorus repeats

Lost in the world in 96. Bonnie and Clyde.
Me and my girlfriend doin 85 when we ride,
drive in this world of sin.
Born as a ghetto child.
Raised in this whirlwind.
Look for me.
~Repeats
([background music] i brought.. i brought.. i brought.. dreams... dreams... dreams... i brought you all my dreams... cuz i love you... i love you.. i love you.. [repeated throughout song])

[Verse 1]

I woke up out dat coma, 2000 and 1
Bout the same time Dre dropped 2000 and 1
Three years later, that album is done
Aftermath presents: &amp;amp;quot;Nigga With a Attitude : Volume 1&amp;amp;quot;
Rap critics politicin'
Wanna know the outcome
Ready to die,Reasonable Doubt and Doggystyle in one
I feel like Pac,after the Snoop Dogg trial was done
Dre behind that G-Series and All Eyez On Me
I watched the death of a dynasty
So i told VIBE MAGAZINE
Workin' with Dr.Dre was a &amp;amp;quot;DREAM!&amp;amp;quot;
I had visions of makin a classic
Then my wall turned black, like i was starin outa Stevie Wonders glasses
Its kinda hard to imagine, like Kanye West
Comin back from his fatal accident, to beat makin and rappin
But, we da future
Whitney Houston told me that: it's gon take mo' than a bullet in the heart to hold me back

[HOOK]

Blushin in this 40 ounce
Lettin the ink from my pen bleed
Cuz Marthin Luther King had a *DREAM*
Aaliyah had a *DREAM*
Left Eye had a *DREAM*
So i reached out to Kanye and *i brought you all my dreams*

B.G. music playing...

[Verse 2]

I had dreams of fuckin an R'n'B bitch like Mya
When i saw dat ass on a front of that King
Read the article in a magazine
She loved gangsters,loved nasty things
So im the glass house havin' nasty dreams!
Good girls neva' give it up
But anything is possible, if 50 fucked Vivica
Hurdled lifes obstacles,found my way through the maze
Then joy turned to pain like, Frankie Beverly and Maze
Used to dream about bein' a Unsigned Hype
Till i was crushed my Dave Mase, almost let my pen fall asleep on a page
Daydreamin yesterday
Dozin' off back-stage
I tought i saw Eazy talkin to Jam Master Jay
So i walked over heard Jam Master say
Its a hardknock life, then you pass away
They say sleep is the cousin' of death
So my eyes wide open cuz a dream is kin to ya last breath

[HOOK]

Blushin in this 40 ounce
Lettin the ink from my pen bleed
Cuz Marthin Luther King had a *DREAM*
Aaliyah had a *DREAM*
Left Eye had a *DREAM*
So i reached out to Kanye and *i brought you all my dreams*

B.G. music playing...

[Verse 3]

The Dream of Huey Newton, thats what im livin' through
The Dream of Eric Wright, thats what im givin you!
Who walk through the Whitehouse without a business suit?
Compton had Jerry Curl drippin' on Ronald Reagan's shoes
Gave Mike Lim my demo came here to pay my dues
Started of with Whoo-Kid then i started blazin Clue
It was all a Dream like B.I.G said it be
Dont sleep on me homie i BRING NIGHTMARERS TO REALITY
Rap Phenomenon defyin' the rules of gravity
Studied all the classic start revisin my strategy
Cuz Marshall Mathers made it
Curtis Jackson made it
Head in the clouds wonderin where the hell Marvin Gaye went?
How do i say this,im livin for my son but i can't figure out,why im at my temple with this gun
Wake up to a Jesus Piece like a Catohlic Nun
The War to be a rap legend had just begun'

[HOOK:]
Blushin in this 40 ounce
Lettin the ink from my pen bleed
Cuz Marthin Luther King had a *DREAM*
Aaliyah had a *DREAM*
Left Eye had a *DREAM*
So i reached out to Kanye and *i brought you all my dreams*

B.G. music playing...

[The GAME talking]

This song is dedicated to Yetunde Price, the sister of Venus and Serena Williams who was slain
During a gang shoot-out in Compton, Sunday September 14th 2003, Rest in peace...

B.G.Music fades to an end...
Finally out the motherfuckin C-P-T Off to other cities and shit No longer just an underground hit Movin thangs... a local nigga made good And made a name off of making tapes for niggaz in the hood And now, let me tell a little story About the places that I been to and the shit that I been through Like fightin and shootouts and bangin and shit All because a nigga made a hit, check it Nineteen-ninety-one, it was double or nothin that a nigga would hit Then we broke out with the fonky shit About bitches and niggaz and gettin drunken off that bud I was doing the shit they hadn't heard of But foolish was I to think that it wasn't no other cities like this And that they didn't like this That Compton was the home of a foot in yo ass Where you got blast And now that's just a thing of the past Let me tell ya why firsthand, we did a show up in Oak-land And niggaz was kickin up sand, to them bangin ain't nothin new And slangin ain't nothin new And for every nigga we done shot They done shot two Straight through and on since the sixties before I was born Families of young niggaz mourn So I'm just letting you know That if ya plan to take a trip to the bay Keep your hand on the clip Becaue Oakland... &amp;amp;lt;is jus lyke Compton&amp;amp;gt; Yeah, I'm telling y'all Oakland... &amp;amp;lt;is jus lyke Compton&amp;amp;gt; Moving on to St. Louis, where thecountry is fucked With gold teeth int hey mouth, but they still know what's up Where it's hot as a motherfucker Hot enough to make ya cuss That's why I kept my ass on the bus But later on, whenit cooled off we came down and met a couple of friends Who put us up on the St. Louis cap The Smith Center, with Big Bob, Little Steve, Tojo, Biss and Rich and a couple of bitches Then they took us to a man named Gus in a store He put me down with a herringbone and shoes galore That's when I started thinking that this wasn't like home But then they had to prove me wrong Cuz later that night after we did the show We went back to the afterset, and wouldn't ya know Yeah, Bloods and Crips start scrappin and shootin -- in Missouri? Damn, how could this happen? Now St. Louis... &amp;amp;lt;is jus lyke Compton&amp;amp;gt; Yeah y'all, St. Louis... &amp;amp;lt;is jus lyke Compton nigga&amp;amp;gt; I don't think they know, they too crazy for their own good They need to stop watchin that &amp;amp;quot;Colors&amp;amp;quot; and &amp;amp;quot;Boyz in the Hood&amp;amp;quot; Too busy claimin Sixties, tryin to be raw And never ever seen the Shaw But now, back to the story that I'm tellin We packed up the tour bus one more time and started bailin When we arrived I saw red and blue sweatsuits When I'm thinkin bout horse dookey and cowboy boots I guess Texas ain't no different from the rest And San Antonio, was just waitin to put us to the test And before it was over the shit got deep A nigga got shot in the face, and was dead in the street Then they came in the club thinkin of scrappin Little did they know that we was packin Yeah, we was puttin em down and squaring the rest, shit I even had to wear the bulletproof vest Now San Antonio... &amp;amp;lt;is jus lyke Compton&amp;amp;gt; Yeah, San Antonio... &amp;amp;lt;is jus lyke Compton bitch&amp;amp;gt; After a month on the road We came home and I can safely say That L.A. is a much better place to stay How could a bunch of niggaz in a town like this Have such a big influence on niggaz so far away? But still my story ain't over cuz I got one more to tell And the people of Colorado, they know it well It was all in the news and if you don't remember I had this show I did in Denver With a punk ass promoter in a bunk ass skating rink Bitches was loving it, but niggaz was shovin and shit To the front of the stage to throw their gang signs But I'm getting paid so I didn't pay it no mind Then I poured out my brew onto their face and chest then they start throwin soda, and fuckin up my guests When it was over two niggaz needed stitches Got cracked in they jaw for being punk ass bitches Now Denver... &amp;amp;lt;is jus lyke Compton&amp;amp;gt; Yeah y'all, Denver... &amp;amp;lt;they wanna be like Compton, bitch&amp;amp;gt; And ya know that Oakland... &amp;amp;lt;is jus lyke Compton&amp;amp;gt; Yeah y'all St. Louis... &amp;amp;lt;we made it jus lyke Compton, fools&amp;amp;gt; Uh-huh, San Antonio... &amp;amp;lt;is jus lyke Compton&amp;amp;gt; Yeah, and Denver... &amp;amp;lt;they wanna be lyke Compton, punk ass niggaz!&amp;amp;gt; I thought ya knew...
Verse One: Erick Sermon

I make a million bucks every six months and y'all
hating my game, saying my name, they call
me the E, wrong things knowing Im fly without wings
while some of y'all have to pull strings.
In this era I maintain the freak upon the beats
master basslines of Raphael Saadiq
Lyrical mastermind, a genius so dont snooze
no mission's impossible, ask Tom Cruise
I keep a joint lit, when I have to spit
I rough paragraph, laugh when I'm busting yo' ass,
Who want it? Come and see me, like 112
and I'll rock that bell with Fox and L
E-Dub, Mr. Excitement, right
The poltergeist of rap so come to the light.
Yes, the recipient of this award goes to Moi,
the best qualified superstar.

Chorus: EPMD

Erick: My squad stays on point like
Den en den den de den, It's the joint
Parish: Yeah my squad stay on point like,
Erick: Den en den den de den, Its the joint.
Both: New York I'm in your area, (Over here)
DC I'm in your area, (Over here)
New Jerse I'm in your area, (Over here)
EPMD, its a world premier

Verse Two: Parrish Smith

Its the joint, stay on point plus I'm feelin it
niggas killin shit tryin to duplicate the manuscripts
thats impossible, pray like the gospel
overcoming set backs, jumping over obstacles
Like Evil Kenevil, on point like a needle
EPMDs' like the Beatles, back with another sequal
to hip hop, check one two and you don't stop
rap with mainstream, R&amp;B and pop
now the world's shocked the E-double's back with Mic-Doc
Like it or not we bout to turn it up another notch
My speeds put it down for my seeds
Raw breeds, acres with the deeds, its the joint.

Chorus: (first part the same)

Both: VA I'm in your area, (Over here)
DA I'm in your area, (Over here)
Chi Town I'm in your area, (Over here)
EPMD, its a world premier

Verse Three: EPMD

E: My styles digable, so I'm phat like that
I got a benz too, and its black like that
I got millions of chips, and they stack like that
A five year spread, and now we back like that
How dare they, niggas sittin in they room with Brandy
way pissed off thinkin how the can't stand me
He rhyme Shawn for his Penn, talking
not lookin, shoocken, a dead man walking

P: You know me, from rippin shows wit my homie
the one and only, Ginuwine like Pony
You want a ride? Call me up when your lonely
I'm Parish Smith and shit, Great like Tony
I'm hittin hittin

E: Where from?
P: From brentwood to San Quentin
I'ma keep rhyming, still representing
E: For who?
P: For my niggas up north and in the ?Courts?
and to the emcees taking no shorts, in this blood sport

Chorus: (first part the same)

Both: Detroit I'm in your area, (Over here)
Cali I'm in your area, (Over here)
Philly I'm in your area, (Over here)
EPMD, its a world premier
You 'bout to feel the chronicles of a bionical lyric
lyrically splittin dismissin
I'm on a mission of just hitting
now it's written and kitten hittin wit mittens
I'm missing wishing man listen
I glisten like sun and water while fishing.
Bust the move and then swerve
Serve words with nerve embedded I said it word
Damn, you nerd man, you heard
Coming from the town of Illy and alleys are
full of Phillies and Rallys suckers get
Silly as Sally then found in alleys, I'm rowdy really

1-So here we go now,
Holla if ya hear me though, come and feel me flow

Never mixing with tricking brothers bitching
Over fixins that ain't fittin to be hittin.
On nothin splittin things that's bitten
And gettin written off
Like a fatter bad bladder boy ya pissing me off
Before you even started so what
So long see you fly by my try how else
Could I say it when you play it try boom bye bye.
(rpt 1, 1)

The flow pro poetical with skills only
A vet'll know better know where's
The wetter flow that'son point like
Decimals manhandlin new crews
Partying with the Zoo Crew
Looking for the pink in poo poo.
I thought you knew too stone style is of stamina
Jammin ta while we plannin ta jam
We bust plus we're the party
Amateur damager managin damagin mics
Men and even mannequins.
You're a fan again now I wanna know whose the man again?
Naughty's back like vertibrates word to hey-a-ho
The way I show you pray I flow
Steady breakin to the boogie so bang time
To slang bang and watch all the poo tang tangs hang
(rpt 1, 1)

Play and Kay'll break the body of a beat
The beat the break into boogie
Firm and fully chase bass lines like bullies
All we wanna know is if your body wanna party
It's nuff poo tang tang for everybody
So hip up and split up get up
Get up your wit up souped up put your dukes up
No guts set up for sit ups flip up watch us rip up.
Shakes shows until they fizz up
RZA like your with us if not zip up
You lip up whip up.
Hits with ransom's foul styles get and ones
We come back cause we heard
Hip hop needed another anthem
Black like Noah in fact and for ya
If we was back in the days with the Drifters
We would've been known as the Flowers
Bevin these since the seventies
Find me so we went crazy in the eighties
So we won't kiss heinies in the nineties
Oops the Naughty's troop in sections of forties
So clap your hands and hold your shorty I'm Naughty.
(rpt 1, 1)
...It's a new day... ya know what I'm sayin'?

A new day, brings a new problem to a brother
and all I gots ta say is thank god for my mother
cause without my mommy dear my life would've been joke
either locked up playin' dead and still slangin' dope but nope
The lord he had a plan for me
and with his help, my mother made a man of me
didn't blindfold me to the world we was livin' in
taught me how to save my little dividends
so when I graduated I'd have a little school money
but in the sixth grade I wanted to be the school dummy
and flunked outta school with the flag pole
and left my mother dear at home with a sad soul
because my mother worked the fingers to the bone
cause we was alone, and me I bought an &amp;amp;quot;F&amp;amp;quot; home
My real pops he broke out with the style
so I respect my stepdad, for raisin' another nigga's child
So now we livin' comftable
taught me the game and how to be responsible
But back then I couldn't see it
I wanted to be a grown man at fourteen so the kid's leavin'
and ended up in a big fight
and told me not to come home until I got my shit right
So now I'm livin' at my grandma's home
my grandma's strong, she's got nine kids of her own
and keepin' me ain't no big deal
but now that I'm much older I see just how the shit feels
being kind-hearted, not wantin' to tell me no
even though my grandfather just had a stroke
and now the money's low
and pretty soon a brother's gonna have ta go
or either try to find a job so I can help out
I'm in the ghetto, I gots ta get myself out
and when I get out I gotta try to pave the way
so my family can have a better place to stay
I'm losin' all hope, a brother's fallin' short
I can't cope, so now I'm slangin' dope
and now my granny knows I'm doin' wrong
she just prayin' for me heavily
take care of her grandson
and the lord must of heard her prayer
cause he made me get a grip
and got me on up outta there
I heard my mother say them streets is gonna kill ya
you couldn't have told me nothin' back then
but now I feel ya...


I'm eighteen, and now I'm havin' big fun
my baby's mother just had my first son
May eleven, I never will forget the day
A star's born, let's name him little Scarface
My first born and yo I'm a proud father
I gotta son, I gots ta be my son's father
and sellin dope ain't the way that I can get ahead
but what the hell, I gots ta keep my baby fed
I buy him milk, and pampers tryin ta do my part
and he's my son, I gots ta try to make him hard
I buy him clothes, and jewelry not the Tonka toys
because the Tonka toys will only punk my boy
and I don't want my son to look at life
through a replica of reality tryin' to make it life-like
but yet and still I let my son be a kid
just give him up the real, exactly like my momma did
So when he gets to be a man he'll appreciate
the game I gave him way back when he used to roller skate
and now my son is four years old
I really gots ta give the real and try to play the father's role
because these years he'll remember most
so it's all about little Marcus and me becomin' close
but I got a buncha obstacles
if it ain't my line of work it's the girlies on my popsicle
Now everybody's got my baby
wantin' to have their hands in my pocket tryin to drive me crazy
&amp;amp;quot;It's your daughter, don't she look like you?&amp;amp;quot;
I just can't tell, why don't you take it to ma momma dukes
because my mother knows the real deal
all these hoochies poppin' coochie tryin' to get a free meal
So now we in and outta court
tryin' to get mo money, braggin' om the child support
Tellin' her friends that she's breakin' me
now eveybody knows, that she was just fakin' G
Come to find out, the girl never had me
she's the baby's mother but me I ain't the baby's daddy
and biological tests done proved
you gotta get up off of me and go after the other dude
but now I finally got a real daughter
no need for the testin'
I know that I'm the baby's father
I heard my daddy say them hoes will try ta kill ya
you couldn't have told me nothin' back then
but now I feel ya...

I feel ya...


Now I'm twenty-two and finally got a grip on life
It's nineteen ninety-three, I put away my pocket knife
and got a bigger stick to fight with
I'm young and black so my choice ain't a nightstick
because we livin' in a concentration set
and everyday, we face to face with death
I seen my homies go and come
and judgement day is just somethin we can't run from
so I know my number's comin' up
so I gotta protect myself from suckers who be runnin' up
and even though I hate killin' off my own kind
I gotta be a man and as a man I'm a defend mine
My brother corners tryin to keep the neighbourhood at peace
don't fight each other, we gots ta stand and fight the beast
so united we stand but we gonna fall quick
because we always tryin to take another brother's shit
and the cops is in the same boat
just because we comin' up quick they think we slang dope
They shootin' ta kill, they gats ain't sparkin' duds
they shot my long time partner Rudy in cold blood
and now the story's all twisted up
and if they gave the cop the chair
I really wouldn't give a fuck
because he left my partner's family with memories
and after hearin' this I know you don't remember me
but yet in still I find it hard for me to stay in touch
I see his parents and then I started breakin' up
because I know what you did was wrong
but you won't realize until you dead and gone
It ain't no justifiable homicide, you never gave a warning
you straight up shot him from behind
but all the cryin' in the world ain't gonna bring him back
you give a gat to a black he don't know how to act
but you gotta tell your story to the judge
not the imitation judge, the judge that everybody loves
and if the man upstairs grants you forgiveness
then in reality you took care of your business
but regardless I know you wanna kill me
but I ain't goin' out like dat
Ya feel me?

...yeah
[Chorus]
My quality control captivates your party patrol
Your mind-body-and-soul
For whom the bell tolls let the rhythm explode
Big bad and bold B-Boys of old

[Jurassic 5]
Many styles we hold, let the story be told
Whether platinum or gold, we use breath control
So let the beat unfold, intro, or drum-roll
We be the lik, like E-Tash and J-Ro
We harass niggers like we was the po-po
We can rule the world without Curtis and still blow
Finesse from SP to Casio
Your jams ain't def, you ain't fresh, youre so-so
If you don't know us by now you'll never know
We set that rule when we rule to prove you're show
The name of the game is survive and prove your flow
You can't outtake Jurassic syllable
Cause it's survival of professional radio
Stop and comprehend and heed the words of my pen
Survival of professional poetic highlanders

[Zaakir]
Oh am I
Zaakir's the name, the A.K.A Soup-ah
The verbal acupuncture from the dope old-schooler
I used to be the bubble for other that used to come on
Now they be the lovers of brothers they can't front on
Put me in the mix LP 12-inch
SP the elegant poetic pestilence
I'm carbonated the anti-confederated
Highly commemorated and the most celebrated
For connecting it word verb subject to the predicate
Plus I got the etiquette to keep it moving
and showing cats how it's done
Cause' it's the verbal combat position number one

[Mark 7even]
We keep it beaming like a beacon
If it's lyrics that youre seeking
Whether black or Puerto Rican
People back us when we're speaking
We got the kinda rhymes to get ya ready for the weekend
[Jurassic 5]
To the mass amount of legions that came for party pleasing
[Mark 7even]
Our temperature is freezing all kinds of different regions
The rhythm is the reason you're checking for what we've done
Please, son, our thesis will rip your crew in pieces
Your rhymes ain't ripe, homeboy you ain't in season

[Chorus]
My quality control captivates your party patrol
Your mind-body-and-soul
For whom the bell tolls let the rhythm explode
Big bad and bold B-Boys of old

[Chalie 2na]
Well it's the angelic man wearing Klan repellant
My plan parent manuscript withstands bullets
Flashing like a Japan tourist we command pure hits
While you cramming to understand these contraband lyrics
My fam submits to pray five times a day
Climbing into your mind with live rhyme display
J-Five finds a way to remain supreme
Coming verbally artisan as if my name was Kadeem

[Akil]
My team dream works without Spielbergs or spill words
Communicate from the Earth throughout the universe
I transmit transcripts transcontinental lyrics
Deeply rooted in your spirits
I love the power of words nouns and verbs
The pen and the sword linguistic art of war
No folklores or myths in my penmanship
The Patha Skylar Warriors is what I present
Verbally decapitating those against
Ja ha, veesee ee vee lee la
Now my words make sense
You gots-ta get up on your vocab
[Jurassic 5]
You gots-ta have vocab
[Akil]
Letters make words and sentences makes paragraphs

[Zakir]
I make the pen capsize the verbal with the planet eyes
Planning knives with every pair that I utilise
I Spit juice crack blood from your tooth
Inflict truths speak Allahs ninety-nine attributes

[Chalie 2na]
You baby MCs drink Pedialyte
While underground doesn't like you the media might
But we the elite will change that
As we bridge gaps in this lyrical grudge-match
Brothers we slug back

[Mark 7even]
We bless tracks with the help of a raw rap
Imprint it like paw tracks all over your brain-wrap
My mental manoeuvre will clear and steer right through ya
We grand like Puba understand that we move ya

[Akil]
My rhythm reveals roller-coaster real deal
Revolutionise we active build
I plant my dreams in the field and wait to harvest my skills
For the starving MC hungry trying to get tha meal

[Chorus]
My quality control captivates your party patrol
Your mind-body-and-soul
For whom the bell tolls let the rhythm explode
Big bad and bold B-Boys of old
[ Billy Danzenie ]
How about some hardcore?
(Yeah, we like it raw!) (4x)
How about some hardcore?

[ VERSE 1: Billy Danzenie ]
(Yeah, we like it raw in the streets)
For the fellas on the corner posted up 20 deep
With your ifth on your hip, ready to flip
Whenever you empty your clip, dip, trip your sidekick
You got skill, you best manage to chill
And do yourself a favor, don't come nowhere near the Hill
With that bullshit, word, money grip, it'll cost ya
Make you reminisce of Frank Nitty 'The Enforcer'
I move with M.O.P.'s Last Generation
Straight up and down, act like you want a confrontation
I packs my gat, I gotta stay strapped
I bust mines, don't try to sneak up on me from behind
Don't sleep, I get deep when I creep
I see right now I got to show you it ain't nothin sweet
Go get your muthafuckin hammer
And act like you want drama
I send a message to your mama
'Hello, do you know your one son left?
I had license to kill and he had been marked for death
He's up the Hill in the back of the building with two in the dome
I left him stiffer than a tombstone'

[ Li'l Fame ]
How about some hardcore?
(Yeah, we like it raw!) (4x)
How about some hardcore?

[ VERSE 2: Billy Danzenie ]
(Yeah, we like it rugged in the ghetto)
I used to pack sling shots, but now I'm packin heavy metal
A rugged underground freestyler
Is Li'l Fame, muthafucka, slap, Li'l Mallet
When I let off, it's a burning desire
Niggas increase the peace cause when I release it be rapid fire
For the cause I drop niggas like drawers
Niggas'll hit the floors from the muthafuckin .44's
I'm talkin titles when it's showtime
Fuck around, I have niggas call the injury help line
I bust words in my verse that'll serve
Even on my first nerve I put herbs to curbs
I ain't about givin niggas a chance
And I still raise shit to make my brother wanna get up and dance
Front, I make it a thrill to kill
Bringin the ruckus, it's the neighborhood hoods for the Hill that's real
Me and mics, that's unlike niggas and dykes
So who wanna skate, cause I'm puttin niggas on ice
Whatever I drop must be rough, rugged and hard more
(Yeah!)

[ Billy Danzenie ]
How about some hardcore?
(Yeah, we like it raw!) (4x)

[ VERSE 3: Billy Danzenie ]
Yo, here I am (So what up?) Get it on, cocksucker
That nigga Bill seem to be a ill black brother
I gets dough from the way I flow
And before I go
You muthafuckas gonna know
That I ain't nothin to fuck with - duck quick
I squeeze when I'm stressed
Them teflons'll tear through your vest
I love a bloodbath (niggas know the half)
You can feel the wrath (Saratoga/St. Marks Ave.)
B-i-l-l-y D-a-n-z-e
n-i-e, me, Billy Danzenie
(Knock, knock) Who's there? (Li'l Fame)
Li'l Fame who? (Li'l Fame, your nigga)
Boom! Ease up off the trigger
It's aight, me and shorty go to gunfights
Together we bring the ruckus, right?
We trump tight, aight?
I earned mine, so I'm entitled to a title
(7 fuckin 30) that means I'm homicidal

[ Li'l Fame ]
How about some hardcore?
(Yeah, we like it raw!) (4x)

[ VERSE 4: Li'l Fame ]
Yo, I scream on niggas like a rollercoaster
To them wack muthafuckas, go hang it up like a poster
Niggas get excited, but don't excite me
Don't invite me, I'm splittin niggas' heads where the white be
Try to trash this, this little bastard'll blast it
Only puttin niggas in comas and caskets
I ain't a phoney, I put the 'mack' in a -roni
I leave you lonely (Yeah, yeah, get on his ass, homie)
Up in your anus, I pack steel that's stainless
We came to claim this, and Li'l Fame'll make you famous
I mack hoes, rock shows and stack dough
Cause I'm in effect, knockin muthafuckas like five-o
I'm catchin other niggas peepin, shit, I ain't sleepin
I roll deep like a muthafuckin Puerto-Rican
So when I write my competition looks sadly
For broke-ass niggas I make it happen like Mariah Carey
I got shit for niggas that roll bold
Li'l Fame is like a orthopedic shoe, I got mad soul
I'ma kill em before I duck em
Because yo, mother made em, mother had em and muthafuck em

[ Li'l Fame ]
Knowmsayin?
Li'l Fame up in this muthafucka
Givin shoutouts to my man D/R Period
[Name]
Lazy Laz
My man Broke Ass Moe
The whole Saratoga Ave.
Youknowmsayin?
Representin for Brooklyn
Most of all my cousin Prince Leroy, Big Mal, rest in peace
[ Billy Danzenie ]
Danzenie up in this muthafucka
I'd like to say what's up to the whole M.O.P.
Brooklyn, period
Them niggas that just don't give a fuck
[ O.G. Bu-Bang
Bet yo ass, nigga
Hey yo, this muthafuckin Babyface [Name]
Aka O.G. Bu-Bang
Yo, I wanna say what's up to the whole muthafuckin M.O.P. boyyeee
I can't stop
The way I feel
Things you do
Don't seem real
Tell you what I got in mind
'Cause we're runnin' out of time
Won't you ever set me free?
This waitin' 'rounds killin' me

She drives me crazy
Like no one else
She drives me crazy
And I can't help myself

I can't get
Any rest
People say
I'm obsessed
Everything that's serious lasts
But to me there's no surprise
What I have, I knew was true
Things go wrong, they always do

She drives me crazy
Like no one else
She drives me crazy
And I can't help myself

I won't make it
On my own
No on likes
To be alone

She drives me crazy
Like no one else
She drives me crazy
And I can't help myself

Uh huh huh

She drives me crazy
Like no one else
She drives me crazy
And I can't help myself

Uh huh huh

She drives me crazy
Like no one else
She drives me crazy
And I can't help myself
Keepin it real

Verse One: 2Pac

I take a shot of Henessey now I'm strong enough to face the madness
Nickel bag full of sess weed laced with hash
Phone calls from my niggaz on the, other side
Two childhood friends just died, I couldn't cry
A damn shame, when will we ever change
And what remains from a twelve gauge to the brain
Arguements with my Boo is true
I spend mo' time with my niggaz than I do with you
But everywhere it's the same thang, that's the game
I'll be damned if a thang changed, fuck the fame
I'll be hustling to make a mill-ion, lord knows
Ain't no love for us ghetto children, so we cold
Rag top slowin down, time to stop for gas
Beep my horn for a hoochie with a proper ass, uhh
It ain't easy, that's my motto
Drinkin Tanqueray straight out the bottle
Everybody wanna know if I'm insane
My baby mama gotta mind full of silly games
And all the drama got me stressin like I'm hopeless, I can't cope
Me and the homies smokin roaches, cause we broke
Late night hangin out til the sunrise gettin high
Watchin the cops roll by
It ain't easy... that's right

Chorus: 2Pac

It ain't easy, being me
Will I see the penitentiary, or will I stay free
(repeat 3X)

Verse Two: 2Pac

I can't sleep niggaz plottin on to kill me while I'm dreamin
Wake up sweaty and screamin, cause I can hear them suckers schemin
Probably paranoid, problem is, them punks be fantasizin
A brother bite the bullet, open fire and I died
I wonder why this the way it is, even now
Lookin out for these killer kids, cause they wild
Bill Clinton can you recognize a nigga representin
Doin twenty to life in San Quentin
Gettin calls from my nigga Mike Tyson, ain't nuttin nice
Yo 'Pac, do something righteous witcha life
And even thou you innocent you still a nigga, so they figure
Rather have you behind bars than triggers
But I'm hold ya down and holla Thug Life, lickin shots
Til I see my niggaz free on the block
But no it ain't easy, hahahah
Til I see my niggaz free, on the block, oh
It ain't easy

Chorus 2.75

Verse Three: 2Pac

Lately been reminiscin
bout Peppermint Schnapps in Junior High hit the block
Keep an eye on the cops while D-Boys slang rocks
It's the project kid without a conscience, I'm havin dreams
of hearin screams at my concerts, me all my childhood peers
through the years tryin to stack a little green
I was only seventeen, when I started servin fiends
And I wish there was another way to stack a dollar
So my apoli', casue these hard times make me wanna holler
Will I live to see tommorrow, am I fallin off?
I hit the weed and then proceed to say fuck all of y'all
Ain't nobody down with me I'm thuggin, I can't go home
Cause muh-fuckers think I'm buggin, so now I'm in
this high powered cell at the county jail
Punk judge got a grudge, can't post no bail, what
do I do in these county blues
Gettin battered and bruised by the you know who
And these fakes get to shakin when they face me
Snakes ain't got enough nuts to replace me
Sittin in this, livin hell, listenin to niggaz yell
Tryin to torture em to tell, I'm gettin mail
But ain't nobody sayin much, the same old nuts
is makin bucks while these sluts is gettin fucked
They violated my probation, and it seems
I'll be goin on a long vacation, meanwhile
It ain't easy
No it ain't easy

Chorus

Chorus
Verse One:
I stagger in the gathering possessed by a patter-in
That be scatterin
Over the globe will my vocals be travellin
Unravellin my abdomen it's slime that's babblin
Grammatics that are masculine
I grab them in, verbally badgerin broads
I wish that Madelline, was back on Video LP
I went against all odds and got a even steven
Proceed to read and not believin everything I'm readin
But my brain was bleedin, needin feedin, and exercise
I didn't seek the best of buys, it's a lie to textualize
I analyze where I rest my eyes
And chastise the best of guys with punchlines
I'm Nestle when it's Crunch-time
For your mind like one time
If poetry was pussy I'd be sunshine
cause I deliver like the Sun-Times
Confined in once-mines on dumb rhymes I combine
I'm hype like I'm unsigned, my diet I unswine
Eatin beef sometimes I try to cut back on that shit
This rap shit is truly outta control
My style is too developed to be arrested
It's the freestyle, so now it's out on parole
They tried to hold my soul in a holding cell so I would sell
I bonded with a break and had enough to make bail
A misdemeanor fell on his knee for the jury
I asked No for his ID and the judge thought there was two of me
Motion for a recess to retest my fingerprints
They relinquished since, cause I was guilty in a sense
Verse Two:
I ride the rhythm like a Schwinn bike when in dim light
I use insight to enlight devices hit the skin tight
Words of wisdom wail from my windpipe
Imaginations in flight
I send light, like Ben's kite I've been bright
Get open like on gym nights
And in fights I send rights
Don't hook with skins my friends like
I spend nights up in dykes
In spite I've been indicted as a freak of all trades
I got it made
I bathe in basslines, rinse in riffs, dry in drums
Come from a tribe of bums
Hooked on negro and mums
Had to halt with the, malt liquor
Cause off the malt liquor I fought niggaz
Now my speech is lost quicker
Cruisin Southside streets with no heat and no sticker
U Ak got my back and we don't get no thicker
U Ak got my back and we don't get no thicker
U Ak got my back and we don't now check it
I'm a hoe but not a hoe nigga, ain't scared of no nigga
But it's my turn to go I gotta go
And I'm gone with the storm
[Chorus]
I had some problems
And no one could seem to solve them
But you found the answer
Told me to take this chance

[AZ - speaking over Chorus]
Yeah, now dig
You got, rich niggaz right
They do what they wanna do
Heh, and you got
Broke niggaz, you heard?
They do what they gotta do
Now ask yourself, which one are you?
Ha, fall back

[Verse 1 - AZ]
Soakin in Remy, sittin back smokin a twenty
Shit is scabby, the hustlin is so in me
Never show envy, got a style I maxed
I'm like po', back in eighty-fo', now smile at that
Unseen when I'm low, but still right in your face
I'm so skinny, but that semi-auto's right in my waist
From Jags to Jeeps, hoopties with the raggedy seats
Just imagine how I'm movin if we had any beef
Beats relax me, good cheeba keeps me nasty
Lower the smoke when I see the D's creepin past me
Duckin the NARCs, born bustin Dutches apart
Love pussy wit pretty lips, when you fuck it it fart
Friend or foe, freak for the rims that glow
Rock Timbs if it's summer or ten below
Love the streets, the science of the drugs that's deep
I'm just another nigga next up, tryin to eat

[Chorus]

[AZ - speaking over Chorus]
You know!
Not a soul baby!
It's all for y'all now

[Verse 2 - AZ]
But it seems, y'all would rather
See me hit than, see my rich
Get bagged over some bullshit and see me snitch
Hopin' some AIDS ho bitch'll leave me sick like
I'm a sucker for love wit some easy dick
I did dirt through my days but hid my work
Even then I still made sure no kids got hurt
Sweep the next, been knowin since my feet got wet
From the best turned vet learned to speak direct
My game's jumpin, we all had our days of barkin
You could tell niggaz styles by they ways of parkin
Why dispute it? Dough got us so polluted
Paranoid to the point it's like we, over-do it
Police press up, peep how the beasts arrest ya
Rough up, handcuff, then treat you lesser
Toast on me, smoke spray our potpouri
Y'all can bet I'ma rep how it's supposed to be

[Chorus]

[AZ - speaking over Chorus]
You know!
Not a soul baby!
It's all for y'all now
I got it locked, feel me!

[Verse 3 - AZ]
Infinite game, get chills on the strength of my chain
It's only real, certain niggaz mention my name
Some relate, others stay numb in the face
Tryin to keep steps ahead like we runnin a race
Nikes and Timbs, lady friends like 'em slim
Light makeup, that shit that blend right wit they skin
So what's the issue? All dick sucks is still official
Cold-steel nickles, and Phil I'm still wit you
Iceberg-in, on the Turnpike mergin
Late night, right brake lights black Excursion
Tree smokin, hustle the rap I'ma keep ropin
Too many niggaz got deep emotions
The stress got 'em, who else wanna express they problems?
Get upset, but real vets respect the bottom
To a false, feel a fake love or hate
Right or wrong as long as the thugs relate

[Chorus]

[AZ - speaking over Chorus]
You know!
Not a soul baby!
It's all for y'all now
What y'all want from me?

[Chorus]

[AZ - speaking over Chorus]
Yeah, y'all haters better get a hustle man, stop fuckin wit me
I'm tryin to live man, nah mean?
I been at the bottom, I was risin - fell back down
I'm tryin to climb up man
Get off my back baby
It's all a game man don't hate me hate the game

AZ the Visualiza return, once again
Love life, hate, what the fuck... {*music fades*}
Take the baseline out, uh huh
Jigga uh huh uh huh uh huh

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life

From standin' on the corner, Boppin'
To drivin' some of the hottest cars New York has ever seen
To droppin' some of the hottest verses rap has ever heard
From the dope spot, with the smoke glock
Fleein' the murder scene, you know me well
From nightmares of a lonely cell, my only hell
But since when ya'll niggas know me to fail? Fuck Naw
Where all my niggas with the rubber grips, bus shots
And if you with me, ma I rub on ya tits, and what not
I'm from the school of the hard knocks, we must not
Let outsiders violate our blocks, and my plot
Let's stick up the world and split it 50-50, uh huh
Let's take the dough and stay real jiggy, uh huh
Let's sip the Cris and get pissy pissy
Flow infinitely like the memory of my nigga Biggie, baby!
You know its hell when I come through
The life and times of Shawn Carter nigga Volume 2
Ya'll niggas get ready

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life

I flow for those droed out
All my niggas locked in the 10 by 4 controllin' the house
We live in hard knocks we don't take over we bomb blocks
Burn 'em down and you can have 'em back daddy, I'd rather that
I flow for chicks wishin' they ain't have to strip to pay tuition
I see you vision mama; I put my money on the long shots
All my ballers that born to clock
Now I'ma be on top whether I perform or not
I went from lukewarm to hot
from Sleepin' on futons and cots, to king size,
green machinse, to green 5's Ive seen pies
let the thing between my eyes analyze life's ills
Then I put it down tight real
I'm tight grill with the phony rappers, you might feel we homeys
I'm like still you don't know me, shit
I'm tight real when my situation ain't improvin'
I'm tryin' to murder everythin' movin', Feel Me

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life

I don't know how to sleep, I gotta eat, stay on my toes
Got a lot of beef so logically I prey on my foes
Hustlin' still inside of me and as far as progress
You be hard-pressed to find another rapper hot as me
I gave you prophecy on my first joint, and ya'll lamed out
Didn't really appreciate it 'til the second one came out
So I stretched the game out, X'ed your name out
Put Jigga on top, and drop albums non-stop for ya nigga

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life
It's the Hard Knock Life
It's the Hard Knock Life
Chorus: Fat Pat

Wanna be a -- baller, shot caller
Twenty inch blades -- on the Impala
A caller gettin laid tonight
Swisher rolled tight, gotta spray my ice
I hit the HIIIGHWAY, making money the FLYYYY WAY
But there's got to be a BETT-ER WAYY!
A better way, better way, YEAH-AHHHH

[Yungstar]
I'ma -- baller, I'ma twenty inch crawler
Blades on Impala, diamond rottweiller
I-10 hauler, not a leader not follower
Break these boys off I'ma twenty inch crawler
Bust a left, a right, I'm outta sight I'm throwed
I'm bouncin off the road I'm in a modem with them foe dem
Tiny tune -- hop out my big body form
Chain with the chong, can't forget Moet along
I'm hot, find me lookin good, diamonds against my wood
Man it's understood -- got money in my hood
I'm pushing big body can't stop me
For the nine-eight got to sell a million copy
I'ma crawl slow puffin on the Optimo hit the sto'
I'ma go real slow -- puffin indo out the do'
I'ma lit the stash green, man I'm lookin clean
Want remote control screens with ice bezeltynes

Chorus

[Fat Pat]
Big ballin, smashin, makin my ends
Smokin big killa gettin high in the Benz
Big ballin, smashin, makin my ends
Smokin big killa gettin high in the Benz
In the wind smoke goes as I crawl down on Vogues
Twenty Lorenzo, smoke all up in my nose
Yo' eyes, get froze, as you see my low
Candy-red, two-do', let my top down slow
Hittin, my remote, sittin, in my shit
Presidential V-12 with that AMG kit
It don't quit, as I get high
from K.C. to H-Town, connectin SouthSide
Now we worldwide, watch me highside
Fat Pat blowin killa, can't be denied
187 thugs, oh yeah we got love
Blowin sticky green we flow through and above

Chorus

[Lil' Will]
Sittin' Fat Down South, rollin Benz on blocks
Mo' scrilla I got, signin with Shortstop
And that's for real, so tell me how you feel
to make a million dollars out my first record deal
Shortstop -- puttin up your motherfuckin ear
Really really don't give a fuck and I ain't drinkin on no beer
Codeine what I sip, pistol grip when I ride
Trunk hit fo' life baby it's SouthSide
We on a fuckin mission Expedition Navigator
That's how we be ridin, alligator suitcasin
Puttin it in your face, and that's for real
Shinin harder than the grill it's the player Lil' Will
Down with the 2-Low, Yungstar be a thug
So nigga nigga what? I'm down with Mo'Thugs
Mo'Thugs an' da Bone, you know it's goin down
Represent that H-Town, pop trunks surround by sound

Chorus

[Yungstar]
I gots to get better man, it gots to move on
Switched from Motorola to a PrimeCo phone
Broke in two chrome, now you know no dope pigeon
Used to count my spoke, now these hoes count my inches
Had to get older -- man it got colder
I done got grown and got a chip on my shoulder
Licks in Kuwait, got links in Pakistan
Boys don't understand virtual reality Caravan
Double doors marble floors naked hoes around me
Everytime I'm comin out, niggaz they wanna sign me
Got the Lil' Will diamond grillers ??
Blaze in the Benz and you can't forget Den-Den
Boobie diamond Ruby's, I'm watchin on a movie
Drop the top it's cotton, and you know I'm in a jacuzzi
Bourban and I'm swervin, man it's gettin hot
My last name Lemmon, drive my tight'um off the lot, David Taylor

Chorus

[Hawk]
I hit the highway
Everything's my way, I par-le
Everyday all day, ain't no way
Boys can't stop as i slide through your neighborhood
Chop chop chop, headed straight to the top
I only play to win -- bout to close up shop
Showstoppin dead end, pimp the pen once again
Peep the message I send
Take these levels that you devils can't comprehend
Big bout it Benz -- as I floss through the south
Big blue lens -- now whatcha talkin about?
Close yo' mouth -- as I settle all scores
Scream and shout -- my similes and metaphors
Mansion doors -- I contstantly close
All you hoes -- go and take off your clothes
Lord knows -- ain't no time to play
Commence to fuckin and-a suckin on the H.A.W.K.

Chorus
I can't light no more of your darkness
All my pictures seem to fade to black and white
I'm growing tired and time stands still before me
Frozen here on the ladder of my life

It's too late to save myself from falling
I took a chance and changed your little life
But you misread my meaning when I met you
Closed the door and left me blinded by the light

Don't let the sun go down on me
Although I search myself it's someone else I see
I'd just allow a fragment of your life to wander free
But losing everything is like the sun going down on me

I can't find all the right romantic lines
But see me once and see the way I feel
And don't discard me just because you think I mean you harm
But these cuts I have they need love to help them heal

(repeat chorus twice)
Stress
Sunshine, geyeah

I sold it all from crack to o-pium, in third person
I don't wanna see em, so I'm rehearsin
with my peoples high to GM, from a remote lo-cation
in the BM, scopin the whole situation like, &amp;quot;Dayamm!&amp;quot;
Metamorphic, as the dope turns to cre-am
but one of these buyers got eyes like a Korean
It's difficult to read em, the windows to his soul
are half closed, I put the key in
Pulled off slow, hopin my people flee-in
Chink tried to knock the only link that tied me in
Coppers was watchin us through nighttime binoculars
This time they got us on tape, exchangin dope for dollars
Make me wanna, holler back at the crib in the sauna
Prayin my people bailed out like Time/Warner
Awaitin call, from his kin not the coroner
Phone in my hand, nervous confined to a corner
Beads of sweat second thoughts on my mind
How can I ease the stress and learn to live with these regrets
This time... stress... givin this shit up... fuck

[Chorus One:]

This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets
On the, rise to the top, many drop, don't forget
In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets
This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets
And through our travels we get seperated, never forget
In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets

As sure as this, Earth is turning souls burning
in search of higher learning turning in every direction seeking direction
My moms cryin cause her insides are dyin
her son tryin her patience, keep her heart racin
A million beats a minute, I know I push you to your limit
but it's this game love, I'm caught up all in it
They make it so you can't prevent it, never give it
you gotta take it, can't fake it I keep it authentic
My hand got this pistol shakin, cause I sense danger
like Camp Crystal Lake and
don't wanna shoot him, but I got him, trapped
within this infrared dot, bout to hot him and, hit rock bottom
No answers to these trick questions, no time shit stressin
My life found I got ta live for the right now
Time waits for no man, can't turn back the hands
once it's too late, gotta learn to live with regrets

[Chorus Two:]

You used to hold me, told me that I was the best
Anything in this world I want I could posess
All that made me want is all that I could get
In order to survive, gotta learn to live with regrets... (when I was young)
[repeat 2X]

I found myself reminiscin, remember this one
when he was here he was crazy nice with his son
I miss him, long as I'm livin he's livin through memories
He's there to kill all my suicidal tendencies
In heaven lookin over me, or in hell, keepin it cozy
I'm comin life on these streets ain't what it's supposed to be
Remember Newton, mutual friend well me and him feudin
On your life I tried to talk to him
But you know niggaz, think they guns can stop foe niggaz
Frontin like they're, Big Willie but really old niggaz
Hoe niggaz, this year I'm sho' niggaz think I'm slippin
I'm bought to send you a roommate, no bullshittin
for my hustle's goin too well to hit him
You was right niggaz want you to be miserable wit em
Anyway, I ain't tryin to hear it, I think I'm touched
this whole verse I been talkin to your spirit, a little too much

[Chorus One: repeat 2X]

Roc-A, Roc-A, Roc-A, Roc-A-Fella y'all
From the bottom of my lungs a nigga be blowin, spittin his game
Comin up on ya from the South, the A-T-Liens aint changed
Cooler than most players claim to be
A nigga that's from the A-Town see
The home of the Bankhead Bounce, Campbellton Road and other city streets
Enough of the verality, fallacy, butter we speak not fiction
Speakin of pullin yo' girl lookin at Jheri curls you bitches
Everytime I ryhme for y'all, I'm lookin to prove a point
kickin a freestyle every now and then
but mostly off the joint
See I smoke good cuz see it go good wit them flows, why
the nigga the B-I-G like Tony Rich nobody knows why
but me and my folks, cuz yall niggas jokes like the joker
I'm sick of these wack ass rappers like I'm tired of hoes in chokers

Who dem boyz that be havin the cronk every occasion
This side niggaz dustin, that side niggaz lacin
But in the middle we stay calm, we just drop bombs
askin where we come from...South Post Lodge

[Chorus:]

Its Just Two Dope Boyz In A Cadillac [2X]

[Verse Two: Andre, Big Boi]

This ol sucka MC stepped up to me
Challenged Andre to a battle and I stood there patiently
As he spit and stumbled over cliches, so called freestylin
Whole purpose just to make me feel low, I guess you whylin
I say look boi, I ain't for that fuck shit; so fuck this
Let me explain on this child style so you don't miss
I grew up to myself not round no park bench
just a nigga bustin flows off in apartments

Now who dem boyz that be havin the cronk every occasion
This side niggaz dustin, that side niggaz lacin
But in the middle we stay calm, we just drop bombs
askin where we come from...South Post slums

[Chorus]

[Verse Three: Big Boi, Andre]

It goes chromes to the Fleetwoods, Coups to the Villes
Hittin Girbauds and off these flows we havin the playa chill
In this atmosphere this ain't no practice here we cuttin the fool now
I'm doin ya at the house and throwin you out because I'm through now
Don't you love the way we clamin Bankhead, stankhead
Lookin around the SWATS for the herb that's never tainted
Fainted when you heard the bourbon servin on the block
And all you bitin indivuals need to check yourselfs and stop

Yeah tight like nuts and bolts, sluts and hoes that get evicted
I'm dealin wit Queens in my castle aint worth to risk it
Now tricks be lookin at me like I'm they way up out the pro-jects
Can't put you on my payroll, and no I ain't got no Rolex
or no diamond at the exit with a sign sayin "We'll rap for food"
My face is bawled up cuz I ain't in a happy mood
While my partner got the squeegee and the windex
Cuz somewhere in my life I done went wrong jus like a syntax
Error, bring the terror to your dome like P.E.
Prone to finish this out cuz this be a free-style

Now who dem boyz that be havin the cronk every occasion
this side niggaz dustin, that side niggaz lacin
but in the middle we stay calm
we just drop......
[Jay-Z] Uh-huh
[$hort] That's right
[Jay-Z] Uh-huh-uh, it was all good just a week ago
[$hort] Last week I had everything
[Jay-Z] Uh, uh-huh-uh, had this all good just a week ago
[$hort] I had the money... had the cars, the bitches
[Jay-Z] Uh-huh, yeah, it was all good just a week ago
[$hort] and the jewelry... and then my muthafuckin' niggas started snitchin'
[Jay-Z] Uh-huh, uh uh, yo
[$hort] Bitch!

Verse 1: Jay-Z
Growin up in the hood just my dog and me
We used to hustle in the hood for, all to see
Problems, I called on him, he called on me
We wasn't quite partners, I hit him off my P
Met him unlocked doors, off my keys
Yeah we spoke, much more than cordially
Man he broke bread with me, my business spread swiftly
The Feds came to get me, we both fled quickly
Wasn't quick enough to jump over the hedges with me
Got caught, and that's when our relationship strayed
Used to call me from the joint til he ran out of change
And when he called collect and I heard his name
I quickly accepted, but when I reached the phone
he's talkin reckless, I can sense deceit in his tone
I said, "Damn dawg, what, nine weeks and you're home?"
He said, "Main man, you think shit's sweet cause you're home."
I just sat, spat no more speech in the phone
The crackers up there bleachin' your dome, you're reachin'
I said, "The world don't stop I've got to keep keep on."
From there I sensed the beef was on
I ran to the spot, store to add some more features to my phone
To see if I had bugs and leeches on my phone
Can't be too safe cause niggas is 2-faced
And they show the other side when they catch a new case
It's on

Chorus: Too $hort, Jay-Z
It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked
Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago

Funny what, 7 days can change
A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
Used to have a firm grip now you droppin names
Uh-huh, uh-huh It was all good just a week ago

Verse 2: Jay-Z
Like I put the toast to your head and made you sell
We both came in this game, blind as hell
I did a little better, had more clientele
Told you put away some cheddar now you cryin' for bail
Seventeen and I'm holdin' on to around a mill
I could bail out and blow trial and come around on Appeal
Had niggas thinkin' I was from Uptown for real
I had so much hustle plus I was down to ill
Like a Brooklyn nigga, straight out of Brownsville
Down and dirty, down to fight the round 30
Freezin on them corners still holdin' my crack
Lookin up and down the block, the fuck is the dough at?
Came from flat broke to lettin the dough stack
You tell them feds I said I'm never goin back
I'm from Marcy, and Marcy don't raise no rats
You know the consequences of your acts, you can't be serious

Chorus:
It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked
Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago

Funny what, 7 days can change
A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
Used to have a firm grip now you droppin names
Uh-huh, uh-huh It was all good just a week ago

Verse 3: Jay-Z
The lawyer I retained you said you leakin' some things
All this after a week in the bang
I'm mad at myself cause I didn't spot the weak and lame
I woulda bet the house you wouldn't speak a thang
Nigga this was the oath, to the top of broke
Even pricked our finger, anything that got between us
we sposed to cock the ninas, what happened to that?
Instead you copped out to a misdemeanor
Fuck it, the same thing make you laugh make you cry
That's right, the same game that make you mad could make you die
It's a dice game, and sometimes you crap
Who woulda thought you'd get popped one time and rat?
Now you know that's bad when your sister is mad
and your son gotta grow up like, "This is my dad?"
The labelling of a snitch is a lifetime scar
You'll always be in jail nigga, just minus the bars

Chorus:
It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked
Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago

Funny what, 7 days can change
A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
Used to have a firm grip now you droppin names
Uh-huh, uh-huh It was all good just a week ago

[Too $hort]
Shit is crazy man
All these niggas out here snitchin'
We was one step away from takin' this crack money
and recyclin' it through the ghetto's
and buildin' back up our own hoods
Now all you niggas start snitchin on each other
I got partners doin 15-20
Wouldn't of been doin' shit if you didn't snitch!
Bitch!
It's about time y'all check that shit out man
It ain't all good
Shut your mouth
Just watch the game
And don't snitch
It sure will do a lot for you
Believe that baby
Jay-Z, Short Dawg's in the house main
You know I got it
Got it goin on
We got the money
Ain't got nuthin to do with crime baby
But I'm recognizing

[Jay-Z]
You rat bastard!
[Chorus:]
I always knew that one day
They'd try to bring me down
Wow, one day, they tried to bring me down
ALways knew that one day, they would try to bring me down
Down, way down

[Kanye]
We gon' to mass today, we have to pray
Besides what the pastor say, I have to say
Since Pac passed away
Most you rappers don't even deserve a track from me
You see, if you evern wanted to ever be anything
There'd always be somebody that shoot down any dream
There'll always be haters, that's the way it is
Hater niggas marry hater bitches and have hater kids
But they gon' have to take my life 'fore they take my drive
'Cause when I was barely livin, that's what kept me alive
Just the thought that maybe it could be better than what we at at this time
Make it out of this grind, 'fore I'm out of my mind
And get some lee way on the he say she say
You girl don't like me, how long has she been gay
Spanish girls say No able ingle
And everybody want to run to me for their single
It's funny how these wack niggas need my help
Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself
Dog, If I was you, I wouldn't feel myself
Dog, If I was you, I wouldn't hurt myself
Made a mill myself, and I'm still myself
And I'm a look in the mirror if I need some help
Ask me from the heart, y'all all frontin
Everybody feel a way about K but at least y'all feel somethin

Why you come here, I bet it only it was forget to get you
What kind of dream we found, see I'm often at your cross way
forgetting it was that heaven let you. They tried to bring me down

[Chorus : 5X]
[2Pac] It's just me against the world
[girl] Oooohhh, oooohhh
[2Pac] Nuttin to lose..
It's just me against the world baby
[girl] Oahhhh, oahhhahh
[2Pac] I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world
[girl] Oh-hahhh
[2Pac] Stuck in the game
Me against the world baby

Verse One: 2Pac

Can you picture my prophecy?
Stress in the city, the cops is hot for me
The projects is full of bullets, the bodies is droppin
There ain't no stoppin me
Constantly movin while makin millions
Witnessin killings, leavin dead bodies in abandoned buildings
Carries to children cause they're illin
Addicted to killin and the appeal from the cap peelin
Without feelin, but will they last or be blasted?
Hard headed bastard
Maybe he'll listen in his casket -- the aftermath
More bodies being buried -- I'm losing my homies in a hurry
They're relocating to the cemetary
Got me worried, stressin, my vision's blurried
The question is will I live? No one in the world loves me
I'm headed for danger, don't trust strangers
Put one in the chamber whenever I'm feelin this anger
Don't wanna make excuses, cause this is how it is
What's the use unless we're shootin no one notices the youth
It's just me against the world baby

[girl] Me against the world
[2Pac] It's just me against the world
[girl] Ooooh yeah, ooo-hooo
[2Pac] It's just me against the world
[girl] Me against the world
[2Pac] Cause it's just me against the world baby
[girl] Hey!!
[2Pac] Me against the world
[girl] Ooooh yeah
[2Pac] I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
[girl] I got nothing to lose

Verse Two: Dramacydal

Could somebody help me? I'm out here all by myself
See ladies in stores, Baby Capone's, livin wealthy
Pictures of my birth on this Earth is what I'm dreamin
Seein Daddy's semen, full of crooked demons, already crazy
and screamin I guess them nightmares as a child
had me scared, but left me prepared for a while
Is there another route? For a crooked Outlaw
Veteran, a villian, a young thug, who one day shall fall

Everday there's mo' death, and plus I'm dough-less
I'm seein mo' reasons for me to proceed with thievin
Scheme on the scheming and leave they peeps grieving
Cause ain't no bucks to stack up, my nuts is backed up
I'm bout to act up, go load the Mac up, now watch me klacka
Tried makin fat cuts, but yo it ain't workin
And Evil's lurking, I can see him smirking
when I gets to pervin, so what?
Go put some work in, and make my mail, makin sales
Risking 25 with a 'L', but oh well

[girl] Me against the world
[2Pac] With nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world
[girl] Ooh yeah.. oooh-ooooh
[2Pac] It's just me against the world baby
[girl] Me against the world
[2Pac] I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world
[girl] Oahhhohh
[2Pac] Ha ha
It's just me against the world baby
[girl] Ha-ahh, HA-AHH!
[2Pac] With nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
[girl] Me against the world, hoahhh
[2Pac] Me against the world
I got nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
[girl] Ha-hahh (hehe) heyy!

Verse Three: 2Pac

With all this extra stressin
The question I wonder is after death, after my last breath
When will I finaly get to rest? Through this supression
they punish the people that's askin questions
And those that possess, steal from the ones without possesions
The message I stress: to make it stop study your lessons
Don't settle for less - even the genius asks-es questions
Be grateful for blessings
Don't ever change, keep your essence
The power is in the people and politics we address
Always do your best, don't let the pressure make you panic
And when you get stranded
And things don't go the way you planned it
Dreamin of riches, in a position of makin a difference
Politicians and hypocrites, they don't wanna listen
If I'm insane, it's the fame made a brother change
It wasn't nuttin like the game
It's just me against the world

[girl] Me against the world
[2Pac] Nuttin to lose
It's just me against the world baby
[girl] Me against the world
[2Pac] Got me stuck in the game
It's just me against the world
[girl] Oahahhhh
[2Pac] I'd be ashamed to lose
It's just me against the world baby
[girl] Me against the world

Outro: 2Pac

Heh, hahahahahahah
That's right
I know it seem hard sometimes but uhh
Remember one thing
Through every dark night, there's a bright day after that
So no matter how hard it get, stick your chest out
Keep your head up, and handle it

[girl] Me against the world (3X)
[Big Punisher]
Hey yo it's all love, but love's got a thin line
and Pun's got a big nine, respect crime but not when it reflect mine
The shit I'm on is wrong but it lasts long
Pull a fast one, then Pun'll wake up, with the stash gone
I'm mad strong, and my cream is fast
Smoke the greenest grass, my bitch got the meanest ass
and a taste legit, I don't have to waste a whole case of Crist'
All it takes is my pretty face and my gangsta wit
Lace the click, cause we all share
It's all fair like love and war, thug galore with the long hair
Big Pun, Pun the name that makes the kids run
Like spelling murder reverse it deliver redrum
Come one, come all, if you wanna brawl
I'm the mighty Thor clotheslining motherfuckers like Steven Segall
Cause all you gonna get, is your ass kicked or up in a casket
That's it (that's it?) That's it

[Cuban Link]
Punisher bash it, at last it's, rappers that really blast shit
Cats getting Big Willie niggaz like Billy Bathgate
Up in Jimmy's Cafe, havin caviar
Crackin Cristal at the bar, smokin cigars, livin large
We rob and steal, run with the mob, doin jobs for bills
I'm hard to kill for real nigga guard your grill
I like to chill, spark an L and get high
I'm one hell of a guy, fly pelican fly

[JuJu]
Whattup Duke-o, you know, politickin papi chuco
I'm out here, watching for Jake, getting this loot though
Shoot bro, I got a waterproof suit yo
Swervin like a A.K.A. in Beirut yo
squeezin, out of automatic M3's and
please, you ain't seen no thugs like these
I can tell you lots of things that'll make you believe
In Corona yo it's better to take than to receive

[Psycho Les]
Your career's on life support, and I'ma pull the plug
and have every thug shootin that Beatnut drug
in they blood, no escapin this
Niggaz is goin over their favorite shit (for what?) to be tapin this
World premier, loud and clear
Lye and beer, get the dough, blow up the show
Dissapear, jump in the Cavalier
Feelin marvelous, street pharmacist, twist arboles
For pleasure, bring your territory sever
Keep my workers under pressure got em sayin &amp;amp;quot;FUCK LESTER&amp;amp;quot;
But that's aight Duke-o, my heart nowadays too cold
Don't give a fuck where you been what you done
where you go, you know, peep this favorite
In black shades like a secret, agent
We're night thieves, roll up on you sleeves
We light trees, bust these and stack cheese
[Jadakiss]
Aha
It's dat real
Yo, why is Jadakiss as hard as it gets
Why is the industry designed to keep the artist in dept
And why them dudes ain't ridin' if there part of your set
And why they never get it poppin' but they party to death
Yea, and why they gon give you life for a murder
Turn around only give you eight months for a burner, it's goin down
Why they sellin' niggaz CD's for under a dime
If it's all love daddy why you come wit your nine
Why my niggaz ain't get that cake
Why is a brother up North better than Jordan
That ain't get that break
Why you ain't stackin' instead of tryin' to be fly
Why is rattin' at an all time high
Why are you even alive
Why they kill Tupac n' Chris
Why at the bar you ain't take straight shots instead of poppin Crist'
Why them bullets have to hit that door
Why did Kobe have to hit that raw
Why he kiss that whore
Why

[Chorus: Anthony Hamilton]
All that I been givin'
Is this thing that I've been living
They got me in the system
Why they gotta do me like that
Try'd to make it my way
But got sent up on the highway
Why, oh why
Why they do me like that

[Jadakiss]
Why would niggaz push pounds and powder
Why did bush knock down the towers
Why you around them cowards
Why Aaliyah have to take that flight
Why my nigga D ain't pull out his Ferrari
Why he take that bike
Why they gotta open your package and read your mail
Why they stop lettin' niggaz get degreez in jail
Why you gotta do eighty-five percent of your time
And why do niggaz lie in eighty-five percent of they rhymes
Why a nigga always want what he can't have
Why I can't come through in the pecan Jag
Why did crack have to hit so hard
Even though it's almost over
Why niggaz can't get no jobs
Why they come up wit the witness protection
Why they let the terminator win the election
Come on, pay attention
Why sell in the stores what you can sell in the streets
Why I say the hottest shit but we sellin' the least

[Chorus]

[Jadakiss]
Uh, yea, yo
Why Halle have to let a white man pop her to get a Oscar
Why Denzel have to be crooked before he took it
Why they didn't make the CL6 wit a clutch
And if you don't smoke why the hell you reachin' for my dutch
Why rap, cause I need air time
Why be on the curb wit a why lie I need a beer sign
Why all the young niggaz is dyin'
Cause they moms at work, they pops is gone, they livin' wit iron
Why they ain't give us a cure for aids
Why my diesel have fiends in the spot on the floor for days
Why you screamin' like it's slug, it's only the hawk
Why my buzz in L.A. ain't like it is in New York
Why you forcin' you to be hard
Why ain't you a thug by choice
Why the whole world love my voice
Why try to tell 'em that it's the flow son
And you know why they made the new twenties
Cause I got all my old ones
That's why

[Chorus]
Yes - the rhythm, the rebel
Without a pause - I'm lowering my level
The hard rhymer - where you never been I'm in
You want stylin' - you know it's time again
D the enemy - tellin you to hear it
They praised the music - this time they play the lyrics
Some say no to the album, the show
Bum rush the sound I made a year ago
I guess you know - you guess I'm just a radical
Not a sabbatical - yes to make it critical
The only part your body should be parting to
Panther power on the hour from the rebel to you

Radio - suckers never play me
On the mix - just O.K. me
Now known and grown when they're clocking my zone it's known
Snakin' and takin' everything that a brother owns
Hard - my calling card
Recorded and orderd - supporter of Chesimard
Loud and proud kickin' live next poet supreme
Loop a troop, bazooka, the scheme
Flavor - a rebel in his own mind
Supporter of my rhyme
Designed to scatter a line of suckers who claim I do crime

Terminator X

From a rebel it's final on black vinyl
Soul, rock and roll comin' like a rhino
Tables turn - suckers burn to learn
They can't dis-able the power of my label
Def Jam - tells you who I am
The enemy's public - they really give a damn
Strong Island - where I got 'em wild and
That's the reason they're claimin' that I'm violent
Never silent - no dope gettin' dumb nope
Claimin' where we get our rhythm from
Number one - we hit ya and we give ya some
No gun - and still never on the run
You wanna be an S.1 - Griff will tell you when
And then you'll come - you'll know what time it is
Impeach the president - pullin' out the ray-gun
Zap the next one - I could be you're Sho-gun
Suckers - don't last a minute
Soft and smooth - I ain't with it
Hardcore - rawbone like a razor
I'm like a lazer - I just won't graze ya
Old enough to raise ya - so this will faze ya
Get it right boy and maybe I will praise ya
Playin' the role I got soul too
Voice my opinion with volume
Smooth - no what I am
Rough - cause I'm the man

No matter what the name - we're all the same
Pieces in one big chess game
Yeah - the voice of power
Is in the house - go take a shower boy
P.E. a group, a crew - not singular
We were black Wranglers
We're rap stranglers
You can't angle us - I know you're listenin'
I caught you pissin' in you're pants
You're scared of us dissin' us
The crowd is missin' us
We're on a mission boy

Terminator X

Attitude - when I'm on fire
Juice on the loose - electric wire
Simple and plain - give me the lane
I'll throw it down your throat like Barkley
See the car keys - you'll never get these
They belong to the 98 posse
You want some more son - you wanna get some
Rush the door on a store - pick up the album
You know the rhythm, the rhyme plus the beat is designed
So I can enter your mind - Boys
Bring the noise - my time
Step aside for the flex - Terminator X
[Jay-Z]
What, tssh, y'all, what
Jigga, uhh uhh uhh, uh-huh
Pa-pa, uhh, pa-pa, uhh
The G, Roc-A-Fella y'all

Who be, in a Japanese restaurant, eating sushi
Drinking saki, it's me, and my mami with the doobie
Cutie, smellin like Tiaka, half-Phillipine thing
For now, let's call her Suki, got me this booty bangin
Properly, in Versace pants, cocky bow-legged stance
A thing of beauty, watch me, body crazy
Tits Firm like Nature, Foxy, Nas and AZ
Truly reason to bug the toolie and keep laced in jewelry watch me
Girlie tried to lure me and lock me you gotta get up early
Cause who's gettin played is not me
&amp;quot;Surely you jest,&amp;quot; she said, &amp;quot;if you thought I was purely
out for the bucks you woulda bucked stuck and dropped me&amp;quot;
I said maturely, &amp;quot;You right
but better safe than sorry, but for the lovebirds
can move to the suburbs, I need to double check your story
To make sure that you one of a kind
And you deserve to be my Sunshine&amp;quot;

Chorus: Babyface (variations not listed except for first time)

Touch me with, a heart of gold (uh-huh)
I can't go a day without my sunshine (uh-huh) ahh-haaa (say what? uhh)
Touch me with, a smile of gold (yeah)
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine (uhh, uhh, uhh)

[Jay-Z], (Foxy Brown)
A year gone, and she seein things most chicks only
hear in songs (uh-huh) keep in gear phenom
Lots of ice in the air, round the neck the charm (that's right)
Risked a four to life bid to keep that shit on her arm
Keep her impressed at all times, cats would love to creep (uh-huh)
just to say they crept with mine, slept with mine, she said

[Foxy Brown], (Jay-Z)
I ain't deaf nor blind, niggaz stressin
Hatin cause they less than mine, they wanna sex me
We chose each other, you actin like you chose me
They oppose you then, they oppose me
We could creep at a low speed, the gat in the hosiery
Double cross you they got to triple cross me
(I'm thinking that's the way it's supposed to be) Uh-huh
(One more thing:
If I ever go broke, would you hit the block for me?) Fo' sho'
(She replied, eyes open wide) Uhhhh
(Put that on everything?) I put that on my life
(Right)

Chorus

[Jay-Z], (Foxy Brown)
If I needed would you, give me your kidneys? (Uhh, uhh, fo' sho')
Catch a case you catch it with me? (Mmm, fo' sho')
Pawn your jewlery to come get me? (You better know)
Catch me with a chick, forgive me? (Uhh, now that, I don't know)
They spread rumors, will you defend me, tooth and nail? (Uh-huh)
They try to frame me, will you be there, till the truth prevail? (uhh)
(But would you be the same dude, when you blow the roof off sales
that you was, throwin rocks, at the Roof at 12, nigga?)
This is the truth I shell, till the loot gets frail
I put this on my nephews, from the smallest to the pale
Me and you ballin, from the heavens, or the hell
Won't let you hit the ground if I'm fallin myself
Now picture me leavin you in this cold world, rollin for delf
It's me and you in this old girl, we takin the belt
From the lows, to the highs, to the foes we shine
Just continue to be my Sunshine (uhhh)

Chorus 2X
Uh yeah. Uh huh.
We got Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth
And we're here to tell you to...
And that's a fact baby
Now you're gonna kick some lyrics
Like this c'mon...

Walk the fine short line and put the needle to the grind
Representin' one kind seeing eye for the blind
Witness what I carry on bears a further purpose
From how we do slam a few then you want to purchase
A dialogue of funk, you love to pop it in your trunk
I win, more disciplined than a Show-lin monk
Pete Rock and C.L., well set to spark it
The powerful target to destroy the black market
But when you say black, listen, I don't know, you lose me
I guess another beggar can afford to be choosey
I come to the maximum, artist on a major label
Any duplication of this one is fatal
On one to five, I gotta hit ya live
Beat your ass with my tape, any race or shape
Cuz if they got mine, they got yours too
But together here's what we gotta do

Tell 'em...straighten it out
Ah, yeah...straighten it out
You know this is the word (say what?)...straighten it out
That's right y'all...straighten it out (say what?)
You got to...straighten it out
Everybody must...straighten it out (say what?)
Straighten it out...yeah
Straighten it out...it's like that (say what?)

The funk legacy I pass on, clearancy for high rates
Every time we sample all the past time greats
Stick it in the SP-1200 beat, I make a loop
Lovely, where the Troop in a Lexus coupe
Just a little bit, set to make a whole lot happen
The musical inside my rappin'
Written by the C.L., produced by the P.R.
And add in any credit that you heard thus far
I start from scratch, cuz the bass line's critical
Better than the original who first made it
But now you want to sue me, but fans never boo me
Believe I know the times, we been broke, too, G
Here's another sample clear, seeya, get the hell outta here
Like a bootleg, you're over for the year
You'll only get the credit where the credit is due
So, listen, what I shout out is true

Yeah, true...straighten it out
You gots to tell 'em to...straighten it out
(Say what?)...straighten it out
You got to tell 'em to...straighten it out
(Say what?)...straighten it out
That's right...straighten it out
C'mon (say what?)...straighten it out
That's right...straighten it out
Straighten it out (say what?)

Like the strands of lamb's wool, I'm thinkin' that's said
Here to go to the head and count the locks on a dred
I and I'd 'mit to verify, goin' to multiply
A theory many thought a conspiracy
Here to let you know that it applies to all of us
You're no exceptions to the rule and that's a plus
Cuz who Jah bless, let noone curse
Straighten out what I be about, reckon above the clout
And let the management work for me
Because I don't need the unnecessary hostility
A proper marketing plan so we can gobble up the dough
Straighten it out, so everybody know
The kids are official with the purpose of a smooth surface
Kickin' the service one time to make 'em nervous
We're finally here and very long overdue
Pete Rock, this one's for the crew

You gotta...straighten it out
Everybody must...straighten it out (say what?)
You gotta...straighten it out
Everybody must...straighten it out (say what?)
Straighten it out...you got to
Straighten it out...c'mon (say what?)
Straighten it out
All black people must...straighten it out
Say what?
Straighten it out
Everybody must...straighten it out
The YG's, they must...straighten it out
The Hilltop, they must...straighten it out
The whole money-earnin' must...straighten it out
Everybody must...straighten it out
Come on...straighten it out
Ah, yeah...straighten it out (to close)
Intro:

Duel, worthy of a general
If you want to fight, fight with me!
One to one! Man to man!

Get ready to gel team!
Live and direct from the one-six-ooh
We got Tical, pow! Raekwon the Chef, Tical!
It's about to go on, Tical!
You make the call, I make the call!
It's all for all
Method Man, Raekwon the Chef
(count my shells)
And there's about to be one left
(count my shells, nigga)
I know you know it'son kid
(Bring that shit I don't give a fuck!)
*bell rings*

Verse One: Method Man

Who lit that shit it was I the chinky-eye
Cheeba-hawk from New York, Tical Staten Isle
niggaz thought, that they could walk a dog but they caught
a bad situation, cause I'm a sandwich short
of a picnic, cause you ain't equipped with the sickening
style, blowing up the spot like ballistic
missiles, I be comin through like the four-nine-three-eleven
tearing up the power-u, Me-Tical
A bad motherfucking buddah monk, what the fuck
hit your chest, like cardiac arrest, blow the front
out the frame, hit the pussycat for the pain
of the dog shit, nobody move run your garments
A rugged vet, terrible like a Champion sweat
Wrap a power in a tec, to wet
a nigga up, with all the dangerous diseases
Sniffling sneezing coughing aching stuffy head fever
Fucker, I think it's bout time that you suffer
Bobbin on my nob like an all day sucker
*bell rings* Bitch!
Meth Vs. Chef
(it's my turn) Meth Vs. Chef
(yo let's bring that shit baby) Meth Vs. Chef
(yo, yeah, one more time nigga) Meth Vs. Chef
(callin me out, it's goin off) I blow your fuckin ass to death
*bell rings*

Verse Two: Raekwon the Chef

I'm goin all out kid no turnbacks
You could try to front, get smoked and that's that
Lyric assassin, dressed in black buggin
Sixteen shots to your mug, from a slug then
I go to war in a conrete jungle, make the punt
cause niggaz act funny, and fumble
But I relax, count my shells, a lot of heads gotta fly
Niggaz stay strapped, armed to die
Time for jet-black Tim boot, flowin
Wha-Su God get him, hit em with the nine troop
No question, cha-cha-BLOW in the session
Bloodshot in that direction, cypher
*bell rings*
'Tack you like chess moves best move
Yo, yeah, yo
The boards, your ass
'Tack, 'tack, 'tack, uH! *bell rings*
'Tack the boards like chess moves best move
at Rae through, comin at your motherfuckin crew
Live direct, yeah you better step
Gunshots ring on the set, let's jet
Motivate, to the gate
With some quick high Rae stay fly, and rob your Isle
Airwaves, yo behave
Now you're a slave with the boots that paved the way
*bell rings three times*
Ahh shit!

Chef Vs. Meth Vs. Meth
[Big L]
Aiyyo spark up the phillies and pass the stout
Making quick money grip before your ass is out
In a street brawl, I strike men quicker than lightnin
You seen what happened in my last fight friend? Aight then
L's a clever threat, a lyricist who never sweat
Comparing yourself to me is like a Benz to a chevrolette
And clown rappers I'm bound to slay
I'm saying hi to all the cuties from around the way
Yeah, cause I got all of them sprung Jack
My girls are like boomer-rangs
No matter how far I throw them, they come back
I'm coming straight out the N.Y.C.
I'm down with diggin in the crates
And I'm M.V.P. yeah!

[Chorus: repeat 4X]
If rap was a game I'll be M.V.P.
The most valuable poet on the M.I.C.

[Big L]
Yo it's a must that I get papes
Peace to all the DJ's who gave me love on they mix tapes
And once again the man's back with a drenged track
So here's your chance jack to get loose and let your hands clap
I got juice like boco, mad crews I broke through
niggas be getting mad cause I hit more chicks than they spoke to
And everytime I'm in a jam I always find a loophole
I got a crime record longer than Manute Bol
And my raps is unbelievable like aliens and flying saucers
No more iron horses cause I'm buying Porsches
I'm coming straight out the NYC peace to the Kid Carpi, I'm M.V.P.

[Chorus]

[Big L]
Battles I lose none I make crews run
I get fools done, got ten fingers but only use one
My run is like Machine Gun Kelly, with a black skully
Put one in your belly, leave you smelly, then take your Pelle Pelle
I'm the neighborhood lampor, punani vamper, mess around you'll find
My silkboxers in your mommy's hamper
And nowadays girls want you for your money
I'm like Hev, I got nothing but love for you honey
And yes I'm living slick and my pockets are thick
I need surgery to get chicks removed from my (chill)
I'm coming straight out the N.Y.C., raps my J.O.B., and I'm M.V.P.

[Chorus]
Yo...put one up an' shackle me, knock clean logic procreation
I did not invent the wheel, I was the crooked spoke adjacent
While the triple sixers' lassos keep angels roped in the basement
I walk the block with a halo and a stick poking your patience
Ya'll catch a 30 second flash visual
Dirty cooperative med platoon bloom head trip split ridiculous
fathom the splicing of first generation fuck-up
wit' trickle down anti hero smack (Cracking!)
I paced my game to zero hour completion green (Splash!)
Took an early retirement pick a dream
American nightmare hogging the screen
I'll hold the door open so you can stumble in
if you'd stop following me 'round the jungle gym
Now it's honor and I spell it with the 'H' I stole from heritage
Merit crutch stolen wretched refuse of my teeming resonance
I promise tempest-tossed breed with a leaning conscious
In a creed acts since responsive my sports divorce the wattage
And I'm sleeping now (Wow!) yeah the settlers laugh
You won't be laughing when your covered wagons crash
You won't be laughing when the buzzards drag your brother's flags to rags
You won't be laughing when your front lawn is spangled with epitaphs
(You won't be laughing!)
And I hang my boots to rest when I'm impressed
So I triple knot them an' forgot 'em
This origami dream is beautiful
but man those wings will never leave the ground
Without a feather and a lottery ticket, now settle down

All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way.
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way.
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way.
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way.

Slacker bounded in my tabloid headline with a pulse
Shimmy cross the centerfolds, and at dead time engulfed
Divvy crumbs for the better souls with seven deadly stains
To hit a blame to crystal conscience
The results a low life counting on one hand what he's accomplished
Ok, link me to activism chain activate street sweep
Plug deteriorating xenobit (??) pen draggin'
I hock scores cores for the morbid spreading of madmen (madly gods pull)
Sinkin' ya Lincoln Log cabin an' Charlie Chaplin waddle
I could zig zag and zig 'em again for the badge gleaned
Sparkle in my brick wall windows, another thick installment
Of one night in Gotham without the wretched
Houston we have a problem
Attach the detested patch of city goblets
Who split holiday freak on 'a box cuts send 'im a high road bellow
Heads grips watch red bricks turn yellow
Sort of similar to most backbones at camp Icarus
Raw feelin' crabs congregating at pamper for bickering
Life's not a bitch, life is a beautiful woman
You only call her a bitch because she would'n let you get that pussy
Maybe she didn't feel y'all shared any similar interests
Or maybe you're just an asshole that couldn't sweet-talk the princess
Kiss the speaker wire Peter Pacifism peggin' thresh hold
Stomach full of halo kibbles
Wings span cast black upon vigils hear the duck hunt ticker tape
Vision and pick apart the pixels
I got a friend of polar nature and it's all peace
When I seek similar stars but can't sit at the same feast
Metal Captain!
This cat is asking if I've seen his little lost passions
Told him: "Yeah, but only when I pedaled past 'em"

All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way.
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way.
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way.
All I ever wanted was to pick apart the day,
put the pieces back together my way.
Uhhh, uhhh, uh, c'mon

Verse One:

Hah, sicka than your average Poppa
Twist cabbage off instinct niggaz don't think shit stink
pink gators, my Detroit players
Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn
Dead right, if they head right, Biggie there every night
Poppa been smooth since days of Underroos
Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who
do something to us, talk go through us
Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us
Who us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff (ehehehe)
Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick the clutch
Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-3
(Take that, take that, take that, haha!)
Bang every MC easily, busily
Recently niggaz frontin ain't sayin nuttin (nope)
So I just speak my piece, (c'mon) keep my piece
Cubans with the Jesus piece (thank you God), with my peeps
Packin, askin who want it, you got it nigga flaunt it
That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it

Chorus:

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh)

Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hip to)
And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (hah)

Verse Two:

I put hoes in NY onto DKNY (uh-huh)
Miami, D.C. prefer Versace (that's right)
All Philly hoes, dough and Moschino (c'mon)
Every cutie wit a booty bought a Coogi (haaaaah!)
Now who's the real dookie, meanin who's really the shit
Them niggaz ride dicks, Frank White push the sticks
on the Lexus, LX, four and a half
Bulletproof glass tints if I want some ass
Gon' blast squeeze first ask questions last
That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass
At last, a nigga rappin bout blunts and broads
Tits and bras, menage-a-tois, sex in expensive cars
I still leave you on the pavement
Condo paid for, no car payment
At my arraignment, note for the plantiff
Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement (shhh)
Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy (not guilty)
Richer than Richie, till you niggaz come and get me

Chorus:

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

Biggie Biggie Biggie, can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

Verse Three:

I can fill ya wit real millionaire shit (I can feel ya)
Escargot, my car go, one sixty, swiftly
Wreck it buy a new one
Your crew run run run, your crew run run
I know you sick of this, name brand nigga wit
flows girls say he's sweet like licorice
So get with this nigga, it's easy
Girlfriend here's a pen, call me round ten
Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian (that's right!)
Come up to your job, hit you while you workin
for certain, Poppa freakin, not speakin
Leave that ass leakin, like rapper demo
Tell them hoe, take they clothes off slowly
Hit em wit the force like Obe, dick black like Toby (Obe, Toby)
Watch me roam like Gobe, lucky they don't owe me
Where the safe show me, homey.. (say what, homie?)

Chorus:

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

Biggie Biggie Biggie , can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

Biggie Biggie Biggie, can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid

Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
**fades**
Intro: Makaveli

Makaveli in this... Killuminati, all through your body
The blow's like a twelve gauge shotty
Uhh, feel me!
And God said he should send his one begotten son
to lead the wild into the ways of the man
Follow me; eat my flesh, flesh and my flesh

Chorus: Makaveli

Come with me, Hail Mary
Run quick see, what do we have here
Now, do you wanna ride or die
La dadada, la la la la

Verse One: Makaveli

I ain't a killer but don't push me
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettin pussy
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words bein quoted
Peeped the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
Bow down, pray to God hoping that he's listenin
Seein niggaz comin for me, to my diamonds, when they glistenin
Now pay attention, rest in peace father
I'm a ghost in these killin fields
Hail Mary catch me if I go, let's go deep inside
the solitary mind of a madman who screams in the dark
Evil lurks, enemies, see me flee
Activate my hate, let it break, to the flame
Set trip, empty out my clip, never stop to aim
Some say the game is all corrupted, fucked in this shit
Stuck, niggaz is lucky if we bust out this shit, plus
mama told me never stop until I bust a nut
Fuck the world if they can't adjust
It's just as well, Hail Mary

Chorus 2X

Verse Two: Makaveli

Penitentiaries is packed with promise makes
Never realize the precious time the bitch niggaz is wastin
Institutionalized I lived my life a product made to crumble
But too hardened for a smile, we're too crazy to be humble, we ballin
Catch me father please, cause I'm fallin, in the liquor store
That's the Hennessey I hear ya callin, can I get some more?
Hail til I reach Hell, I ain't scared
Mama checkin in my bedroom; I ain't there
I got a head with no screws in it, what can I do
One life to live but I got nuttin to lose, just me and you
on a one way trip to prison, sellin drugs
We all wrapped up in this livin, life as Thugs
To my homeboys in Clinton Max, doin they bid
Raise hell to this real shit, and feel this
When they turn out the lights, I'll be down in the dark
Thuggin eternal through my heart, now Hail Mary nigga

Chorus 2X

Verse Three: Kastro, Young Noble

They got a APB, out on my Thug family
Since the Outlawz run these streets, like these scandalous freaks
Our enemies die now, walk around half dead
Head down, K blasted off Hennessey and Thai
Tryin it, mixed it, now I'm twisted blisted and high
Visions of me, Thug livin gettin me by
Forever live, and I multiply survived by Thugs
When I die they won't cry unless they comin with slugs

Peep the whole scene and whatever's goin on around me
Brain kinda cloudy, smoked out feelin rowdy
Ready to wet the party up, and whoever in that motherfucker
Nasty new street, slugger my heat seeks suckers
on the regular mashin in a black Ac Integ-ra
Cock back, sixty seconds til the draw that's when I'm dead in ya
Feet first, you got a nice gat but my heat's worse
From a Thug to preachin church, I gave you love now you eatin dirt
Needin work, and I ain't the nigga to put you on
Cause word is bond when I was broke I had to hustle til dawn
That's when sun came up, there's only one way up
hold ya head and stay up, to all my niggaz get ya pay and weight up

If it's on then it's on, we break beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate
to this shit I don't got, be the shit I gotta take
Dealin with fate, hoping God don't close the gate
If it's on then it's on, we break beat-breaks
Outlawz on a paper chase, can you relate
to this shit I don't got, be the shit I gotta take
Dealin with fate, hoping God don't close the gate

Chorus (repeats in background)

Outro: Prince Ital

We've been traveling on this wavy road
Long time til I be take off this load
But we ride, ride it like a bullet
Hail Mary, Hail Mary
We won't worry everyting will come real
Free like the bird in the tree
We won't worry everyting will come real
Yes we free like the bird in the tree
We runnin from the penitentiary
This is the time for we liberty
Hail Mary, Hail Mary

Chorus

[Makaveli]
Westside, Outlawz, Makaveli the Don, Solo, Killuminati, The 7 Days
[Hook]
Even the sun goes down heroes eventually die
Horoscopes often lie and sometimes "y"
nothin' is for sure nothin' is for certain nothin' lasts forever
But until they close the curtain
it's him &amp; I Aquemini

[Big Boi]
Now is the time to get on like Spike Lee said
get on the bus go get your work
and keep your beeper chirpin' is a must
Is you on that dust or cornstarch
familiar with that smack man
The music is like that green stuff
provided to you by sack man
Pac man how in the fuck do you think we gon' do that man?
Ridin' round Old National on 18's without no gat man
I'm strapped man &amp; ready to bust on any nigga like that man
Me &amp; my nigga we roll together like Batman &amp; Robin
we prayed together through hard times
and swung hard when it was fitting
But now we tappin' the brakes from all them corners
that we be bending in Volkswagens &amp; Bonnevilles
Chevrolets and Coupe De Villes
If you ain't got no rims nigga don't get no wood grain
steering wheel for real you can go on chill out &amp; still build
let your paper stack instead of going into overkill
pay ya fuckin beeper bill bitch

[Hook]

[Dre]
Twice upon a time there was a boy who died twice
and lived happily ever after but that's another chapter
live from home of the brave with dirty dollars
&amp; beauty parlors &amp; baby bottles &amp; bowling ball Impalas
&amp; street scholars that's majoring in culinary arts
You know how to work bread cheese &amp; dough
from scratch but see the catch is you can get caught
Know what ya sellin' what ya bought so cut that big talk
Let's walk to the bridge now meet me halfway
now you may see some children dead off in the pathway
it's them poor babies walkin' slowly to the candy lady
It's lookin' bad need some hope
like the words maybe, if, or probably more than a hobby
when my turntables get wobbly they don't fall
I'm sorry y'all I often drift I'm talkin' gift
so when it comes you never look the horse inside it's grill
of course you know I feel like the bearer of bad news
Don't want to be it but it's needed so what have you
Now question is every nigga with dreads for the cause?
Is every nigga with golds for the fall? Naw
So don't get caught in appearance
it's Outkast Aquemini another Black experience Okay

[Hook]

[Big Boi]
The name is Big Boi Daddy Fat Sax
the nigga that like them Cadillacs
I stay down with these streets
'cause these streets is where my folks at
Better know that some say we pro-black boy we professional
we missed a lot of church so the music is our confessional
Get off the testicles &amp; the nut sacks
you bust a rhyme we bust back
Get get back for real niggas that's out here tryin' to spit facts
You hear dat can't come near dat maybe you need to quit
because Aquemini is Aquarius &amp; Gemini runnin' shit like this
Yea yea yea yea

[Dre]
My mind warps and bends floats the wind count to ten
meet the twin Andre Ben. welcome to the lion's den
original skin many men comprehend
I extend myself so you go out &amp; tell a friend
Sin all depends on what you believing in
Faith is what you make it that's the hardest shit since MC Ren
Alien can blend right on in wit' yo' kin
look again 'cause I swear I spot one every now &amp; then
It's happenin' again wish I could tell you when
Andre this is Andre y'all just gon' have to make amends

[Hook]
&amp;quot;Brooklyn's Finest&amp;quot;(feat. Notorious B.I.G.)
[Pain In Da Ass]
[*gunshots*] OKAY, I'M RELOADED!!!
You motherfuckers, think you big time?
Fuckin with Jay-Z, you gon' die, big time!
Here come the &amp;quot;Pain&amp;quot;! [*gunshots*]

[Jay-Z]
Jigga... (Jigga), Bigga... (Bigga)
Nigga, how you figure... (how you figure)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, aiyyo

Peep the style and the way the cops sweat us (uh-huh)
The number one question is can the Feds get us (uh-huh)
I got vendettas in dice games against ass betters (uh-huh)
and niggaz who pump wheels and drive Jettas
Take that witcha..

[Notorious B.I.G.]
.. hit ya, back split ya
Fuck fist fights and lame scuffles
Pillow case to your face, make the shell muffle
Shoot your daughter in the calf muscle
Fuck a tussle, nickel-plated
Sprinkle coke on the floor, make it drug related
Most hate it..

[Jay-Z]
.. can't fade it
While y'all pump Willie, I run up in stunts silly
Scared, so you sent your little mans to come kill me
But on the contrilli, I packs the mack-milli
Squeezed off on him, left them paramedics breathin soft on him
What's ya name?

[Notorious B.I.G.]
.. Who shot ya? Mob ties like Sinatra
Peruvians tried to do me in, I ain't paid them yet
Tryin to push 700's, they ain't made them yet
Rolex and bracelets is frostbit; rings too
Niggaz 'round the way call me Igloo Stix (Who?)
Motherfucker!

[Chorus]
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers
(Where you from?) Brooklyn, goin out for all
Marcy - that's right - you don't stop
Bed-Stuy.. you won't stop, nigga!

[Jay-Z]
What, what, what?
Jay-Z, Big' Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers
Brooklyn represent y'all, hit you fold
You crazy, think your little bit of rhymes can play me?
I'm from Marcy, I'm varsity, chump, you're JV
(Jigga) Jay-Z

[Notorious B.I.G.]
.. and Bigga baby!
My Bed-Stuy flow's malicious, delicious
Fuck three wishes, made my road to riches
from 62's, gem stars, my moms dishes
Gram choppin, police van dockin
D's at my doors knockin

[Jay-Z]
What? Keep rockin
No more, Mister, Nice Guy, I twist your shit
the fuck back with them pistols, blazin
Hot like cajun
Hotter than even holdin work at the Days Inn
with New York plates outside
Get up outta there, fuck your ride

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Keep your hands high, shit gets steeper
Here comes the Grim Reaper, Frank Wright
Leave the keys to the inn keeper(That's right)
Chill homie, the bitch in the Shoney's told me
You're holdin more drugs than a pharmacy, you ain't harmin me
So pardon me, pass the safe, before I blaze the place
and here's six shots just in case
(Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...)

[Chorus]
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all
(Crown Heights...) You don't stop
(Brownsville...) You won't stop, nigga!
(Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...)
Hah hah! Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers
(Where we from?) Brooklyn goin out to all
(Bushwick...) You don't stop
(Fort Greene...) You won't stop, niggaz!

[Jay-Z]
Yeah, yeah, yeah
For nine six, the only MC with a flu
Yeah I rhyme sick, I be what you're tryin to do
Made a fortune off Peru, extradite, china white heron
Nigga please, like short sleeves I bear arms
Stay out my way from here on (CLEAR?) Gone!

[Notoriuos B.I.G.]
Me and Gutter had two spots
The two for five dollar hits, the blue tops
Gotta go, Coolio mean it's gettin &amp;quot;Too Hot&amp;quot;
If Fay' had twins, she'd probably have two-Pac's
Get it? .. Tu-pac's

[Jay-Z]
Time to separate the pros from the cons
The platinum from the bronze
That butter soft shit from that leather on the Fonz
A S1 diamond from a eye class don
A Cham' Dom' sipper from a Rosay nigga, huh?!
Brook-Nam, sippin on

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Cristal forever, play the crib when it's mink weather
The M.A.F.I.A. keep canons in they Marc Buchanans
Usually cuatro cinco, the shell sink slow, tossin ya
Mad slugs through your Nautica, I'm warnin ya
(Hah, what the fuck?)

[Chorus]
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all
(Flatbush...) You don't stop
(Redhook...) You won't stop, nigga!
(Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...)
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all
(East New York...) You don't stop
(Clinton Hill...) You won't stop, nigga!
{*&amp;quot;Is Brooklyn in the house?&amp;quot;*}

[Outro]
Uhh, Roc-A-Fella, y'all, Junior M.A.F.I.A.
Superbad click, Brook-lyn's Finest, you re-wind this
Represetin BK to the fullest
Listen up gangstas and honeys with ya hair done
Pull up a chair hon' and put it in the air son
Dog, whatever they call you, god, just listen
I spit a story backwards, it starts at the ending

The bullet goes back in the gun
The bullet hole's closin this chest of a nigga
Now he back to square one
Screamin, 'Shoot don't please'
I put my fifth back on my hip
It's like a VCR rewindin a hit
He put his hands back on his bitch
My caravan doors open up
I jumped back in the van and closed it shut
Goin reverse, slowly prepared
My nigga Jungle utters out somethin crazy like, 'Go he there'
Sittin in back of this chair, we hittin the roach
The smoke goes back in the blunt, the blunt gets bigger in growth
Jungle unrolls it, put his weed back in the jar
The blunt turns back into a cigar
We listen to Stevie, it sounded like heavy metal fans
Spinnin records backwards of AC/DC
I give my niggas dap, jump out the van back first
Back upstairs, took off the black shirt
I'm in the crib with the phone to my ear
Listen up so y'all can figure out the poem real clear
The voice on the phone was like, 'Outside right we'
So with my mouth wide, holdin my heat
Bullets I had plenty to squeeze, plenty for ya
'Cause Jungle said, 'Block your on enemies the'
Hung up the phone, then the phone rang
I'm laid in the bed thinkin 'bout this pretty young thing
Who left, she came back, her clothes just fell to the rug
She fell to my bed and gave me a hug
I told her, 'No hell'
She talkin 'bout, 'Me kiss'
Bobbed her head then spit the nut back in my dick
Started suckin with no hands, a whole lotta spit
Then got up and put her bra back on her tits
Got fully dressed and told me, 'Stressed really I'm'
Picked up her Gucci bag and left her nigga behind
Walkin through the door, she rang the bell twice
I vomited Vodka back in my glass with juice and ice
The clock went back from three, to two, to one
And that's about the time the story begun
That's when I first heard the voicemail on the cell
It said, 'Son we found that nigga we gotta kill'

[Message Beep:]
Ay yo son, ay yo son, you hear me, you hear me?
Listen man, this dude right on the block, right now, man
I found him, right now, I see him right now!
Let's kill him.
[Message Beep:]
Yo, this Nas, leave it. Peace.
We used to be number 10, now we permanent on one
In the battle lost my finger, Mic became my arm
Pistol nozzle hits your nasal, blood becomes lukewarm
Tell the woman be easy Naah squeeze the Charmin
Test Wyclef, see death flesh get scorned
Beat you so bad make you feel like you ain't wanna be born, Jon
And tell your friends stay the hell out of my lawn
Chicken George became Dead George stealin' chickens from my farm,
Damn, another dead pigeon
If your mafiosos then I'm bringin' on Haitian Sicilians
Nobody's shootin', my body's made of hand grenade
Girl bled to death while she was tongue-kissing a razor blade
That sounds sick maybe one day I'll write a horror
Blackula comes to the ghetto, jacks an ACURA
Stevie Wonder sees Crack Babies
Be-Coming Enemies Of their own families,
Armageddon come you know we soon done
Gun by my side just in case I gotta rump
A boy on the side of Babylon
Trying to front like he's down with Mount Zion

[Chorus:]
Oooh La La La,
It's the way that we rock when we're doing our thang
Oooh La La La,
It's the natural LA that the Refugees Bring
Oooh La La La La La La Lalala La Laaah,
Sweeeeet Thing

Yeah in saloons we drink Boone's and battle goons till high noon,
Bust rap toons on flat spoons, take no shorts like poon poon's.
See hoochies pop coochies, for Gucci's and Lucci
Find me in my Mitsubishi, eatin' sushi, bumpin' Fugees.
Hey Hey Hey Try to take the crew and we don't play play
Say say say like Paul McCartney, not hardly,
ODD-ly enough I can see right through your bluff
Niggas huff and they puff but they can't handle us, WE BUST
Cause we fortified, I could never hide,
seen "Cooley High", cried when Cochise died.
I'm twisted, black-listed by some other negroes,
Don't remove my Polos on the first episode.
Ha Ha Ha Ha, You shouldn't diss refugees, and
Ha Ha Ha Ha, You whole sound set's bootie , and
Ha Ha Ha Ha, You have to respect JERSEY,
cause I'm superfly when I'm super-high on the Fu-Gee-La.

[Chorus]

I sit 90 degrees underneath palm trees,
Smokin' beadies as I burn my calories,
Brooklyn roof tops become Brooklyn tee-pees,
Who that be, enemy, wanna see the death of me.
From Hawaii to Hawthorne, I run marathons, like
Buju Banton, I'm a true champion, like,
Farakkhan reads his Daily Qu'ran it's a
phenomenon, lyrics fast like Ramadan.

What's goin' on - Armageddon come you know we soon done
Gun by my side just in case I gotta rump
A boy on the side of Babylon,
trying to front like he's down with Mount Zion.
[Repeat]

[Chorus]
At the count of three
I want everybody in the place to be
To make some noise if ya down with me
One, two, three

Hit me with the horns Tony
Keep makin' noise, keep makin' noise, yeah, oh...
Here we go now, here we go now, here we go now...
Here we go, here we go, now listen

Some of y'all might know this
And some of y'all don't (jam jam)
Some of y'all might be with this, and some of y'all won't
But listen, let me clear my throat
Oh, have mercy babe, Ha!
I hope ya don't mind, let me clear my throat

Special dedication going out to everybody here
In Bahama Bay in Philadelphia here we go now
Check it out, ah huh, ah huh, ah (God Damn)

Yeah, rock to the rhythm of the funky rhyme
So I can get this in just one more time
To the beat and ya don't quit
It's that ol' skool rap with that new skool hit
Peter Piper picked a pepper but Kool got the Run
And I can still rip up the house
Every God damn time I get on the mic, I go crazy
Peace out to Celo, Flex, and Doug Lazy
I bet 'cha never knew but now ya know
I'm the undisputed king of this disco
And I never let the mic, might not tire me no more
'cause DJ Kool rip up the whole damn floor

Now I'ma rap a rhyme with the greatest of ease
And swing it like the man on the flying trapeze
And if you don't like it you grab on these
And now I need some help from the maestro please

Jam, Ha! So look it here check the flavor of the rhythm
I wrote and while I got a chance here
Let me clear my throat oh, have mercy babe, ha!
I hope ya don't mind, let me clear my throat
I need these monitors right here
Music and the monitors, and it goes a little something
Like this here ah huh ah huh ah

Now if y'all wanna party like we do
If y'all wanna party like us, lemme hear ya say
Ah ah ah ah ah, if y'all wanna party like we do


If y'all wanna party like us lemme hear ya say
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
Now when I say uh, you say ah
Uh (crowd) Uh (crowd)
And now when I say hey, you say ha
Hey (crowd) hey (crowd)
Now when I say uh, you say ah
Uh (crowd) Uh (crowd)
Now when I say hey you say ha, hey (crowd)
Now when I say freeze you just freeze one time
When I say freeze y'all stop on a dime
When I say freeze you just freeze one time
When I say freeze y'all stop on a dime freeze

Now all the ladies in the place
If you got real hair, real fingernails
If you got a job, you going to school
And y'all need nobody to help you handle
Your business make some noise

One, two, three, come on now
When I say freeze you just freeze one time
When I say freeze y'all stop on a dime
When I say freeze you just freeze one time
When I say freeze y'all stop on a dime freeze

Now to all the brotha's in the place
That don't give a damn about what the ladies talking about
''cause you just trying to get chummy make some noise

Now, now, now, let me clear my throat
Oh, have mercy babe, ha!
I hope you don't mind, let me clear my throat
Special dedication going out to all the ladies
And all the brothers in here
Like to love y'all to death here

Ah huh ah huh ah (God damn)
Oh, lemme send my little shout outs here
Special dedication once again going out to everybody here
Bahama Bay in Philadelphia, we love y'all madly
Special dedication going out to Mellow T
Walt Reeder da' joiner, Don Mack, Charlie Mack, DJ Ran
Cosmic Kev, special dedication going out to Frank Steed
Al Orrizo Ice T, and if you're with me, if you're with me
I need some help from the music, from the maestro
Check it out somebody make some noise in this joint man
[Intro:]
*sounds of fighting*
[M]- Method Man
[R]- Raekwon
[G]- Ghostface Killah
[U]- U-God

[M] Yo what I'm sayin, come on man?
[R] Yo Meth, hold up, hold up
Yo Meth, where my Killer tape at ya?
First of all, where my--
Where the fuck is my tape at?
[M] Yo son I ain't got that peace son
[R] How you ain't go my shit,
When I let you hold it man
[M] Yo niggas came over to have 40 and blunts kid
The shit just came up missin' man
[R] Come on man, that don't got nothin to do with my shit man
Come on, go head with that shit
[M] Come on man, I'll buy you 4 more fuckin Killah tapes man
*knock knock*
[R] Open the door man, what the fuck, man, yo what
What's up
[G] Yo yo, God, word is bond, yo, Shymeek just got bust in his head
Two times God [word to mother]
Real life God, you know Shymeek from fuckin 212 [yeah yeah yea]
The nigga just got bust, niggas in the Black Land, god
Word is bond, came thru God from out of nowhere, God
Word is bond, I'm comin to get my Culture Cypher, god
And it just--, word is bond, crazy shots just went the fuck off
The nigga layin there like a fuckin new born fuckin baby God
[M] Is he dead? [word up]
[G] Is he fuckin dead, what the fuck you mean is he fuckin dead god
What kind of question is that B, what the fuck you think?
The nigga layin there with this fuckin all types of fuckin blood
Comin out of his--
[U] Easy, easy, easy, easy, kid
[G] Yo God, whats up God, it's the God, god, word is bond
I'm waitin to fuckin late, i'm ready to get busy
[R] Let's go do- let's go do what we gotta do right fuck it
[U] What's up yo, yo we out or what?
[G] It's the god ya, fuck that
We out, got a problem man
What the fuck
[U] Nigga still sweatin
[G] What the fuck is you talkin about man, get the fuck outta here
[R] Corn

[Intro: Raekwon (Method Man)]
(Take that motherfucker)
{WHAT? WHAT?
GOOD MORNING VIETNAM!!}
{Yeah, good morning to all you motherfuckin notty-headed niggaz}
Word to the Camouflauge Large niggaz
(Niggaz fuckin my body)
Bring that fuckin meth in here
(Yo yo yo yo
Now we gonna drink some good Nightrain
and yo, set it off)

[Raekwon]
Champion gear that I rock, you get your boots knocked
Then attack you like a pit that lock shit DOWN (down)
As I come and freaks the sound, hardcore
but giving you more and more, like ding!
Nah shorty, get you open like six packs
Killer Bees attack, flippin what, murder one, phat tracks
Aight? I kick it like a Night Flight!
Word life, I get that ass while I'm fulla spite!
Check the method from Bedrock, cause I rock ya head to bed
Just like rockin what? Twin glocks!
Shake the ground while my beats just break you down
Raw sound, we going to war right now
So, yo, bombin
We Usually Take All Niggaz Garments
Save ya breath before I bomb it

[Method Man]
I be that insane nigga from the psycho ward
I'm on the trigger, plus I got the Wu-Tang sword
So how you figure that you can even fuck with mine?
Hey, yo, RZA! Hit me with that shit one time!
And pull a foul, niggaz save the beef on the cow
I'm milkin this ho, this is MY show, Tical
The FUCK you wanna do? For this micpiece du'
I'm like a sniper, hyper off the Ginseng root
PLO style, buddha monks with the owls
So who's the fuckin man? Meth-Tical
On the chessbox

[Kung Fu sample]
*sounds of fighting*
"Wu-Tang style"

[Inspectah Deck]
Yo, yeah, yo
I leave the mic in body bags, my rap style has
The force to leave you lost, like the tribe of Shabazz
Murderous material, made by a madman
It's the mic wrecker, Inspectah, bad man
From the bad lands of the killer, rap fanatic
Representing with the skill that's iller
Dare to compare, get pierced just like an ear
The Scooby Doo, I pop strictly hardware
Armed and geared cause I just broke out the prison
Charged by the system - for murderin the rhythm!
Now, lo and behold, another deadly episode
Bound to catch another fuckin charge when I explode

[Ghostface Killah]
Slammin a hype-ass verse til ya head burst
I ramshack dead in the track, and that's that
Rap assassin, fastin, quick to blast and hardrock
I ran up in spots like Fort Knox!
I'm hot, top notch, Ghost thinks with logic
Flashback's how I attacked your whole project
I'm raw, I'm rugged and raw! I repeat, if I die
My seed'll be ill like me
Approachin me, you out of respect, chops ya neck
I get vexed, like crashing up a phat-ass Lex'
So clear the way, make way, yo! Open the cage
Peace, I'm out, jettin like a runaway slave

[RZA]
Yo
Ya gettin stripped from ya garments, boy, run ya jewels
While the meth got me open like falopian tubes
I bring death to a snake when he least expect
Ain't a damn thing changed, boy, Protect Ya Neck
Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig Allah, jam is fatal
Quick to stick my Wu-Tang sword right through ya navel
Suspenseful, plus bein bought through my utensil
The pencil, I break strong winds up against your
Abbott, that run up through your county like the Maverick
Caps through the tablets, I gots to make the fabrics

[Kung Fu sample]
*sounds of fighting*
"Wu-Tang style"

[Ol' Dirty Bastard]
Are you, uh, ah, uh
Are you a warrior? Killer? Slicin shit like a samurah
The Ol' Dirty Bastard from the squad
Ol' Dirty clan of terrorists
Comin atcha ass like a sorceress, shootin' that PISS!
Niggaz be gettin on my fuckin nerves
Rhymes they be kickin make me wanna kick they fuckin ass to the curb
I got funky fresh, like the old specialist
A carrier, messenger, bury ya
This experience is for the whole experience
Let it be applied, and THEN DROP THAT SCIENCE

[Kung Fu sample]
*sounds of fighting*
"Wu-Tang style"

[GZA]
My my my
My Clan is thick like plaster
Bust ya, slash ya
Slit a nigga back like a Dutch Masta Killa
Style jumped off and Killa, Hill-er
I was the thriller in the Ali-Frazier Manilla
I came down with phat tracks that combine and interlock
Like getting smashed by a cinder block
Blaow! Now it's all over
Niggaz seein pink hearts, yellow moons
Orange stars and green clovers
&amp;amp;quot;Here I go again, whether I, win or looooose&amp;amp;quot; -&amp;amp;gt; [Jean Plum]
&amp;amp;quot;... whether I, win or looooose&amp;amp;quot;
[variations of this sample repeat throughout the song]

[Havoc]
Another day another dollar it's about gettin money
Then you can give me a holla, my nose runny
I've been out in the cold, hustlin for so long
my hands numb, but bet I feel that paper in my palm

[Prodigy]
It's like ahh shit it's on, time to go shoppin
For cars not fashion, my whips be the bomb
My clothes, be the same shit that we had on
And fuck lookin cute, save that for the broad

[Havoc]
It's the H-A-V-O, C-dump-and-reload
Knock knock, answer that, I'm blastin through the peephole
Body charges, pay lawyers so we beat those
But get locked and I'm sluttin lady C.O.'s

[Prodigy]
And we the only niggaz you know, that fuck they P.O.'s
They push our files to the top, you still on parole
We got, money to roll, no time for penitentiaries
Too much dollars to fold, it's bulgin out our jeans

[Chorus]
&amp;amp;quot;Here I go again, whether I, win or looooose&amp;amp;quot;
[H] But losin ain't a option girl
My destination is top of the world, top of the world
&amp;amp;quot;Here I go again, here I come, win or looooose&amp;amp;quot;
[H] But losin ain't a option girl
My destination is top of the world, top of the world

[Havoc]
Y'all like bitches - the chit-chatterin
Stay not likin a nigga but givin dap to him
Hav' don't change for no chick, and they adapt to him
Never get cool with you niggaz, I end up clappin 'em

[Prodigy]
Aiyyo - federal note fetish, you fuck with my niggaz
Franklin and Grant, get yo' ass blammed with the quickness
Y'all niggaz is finished
You overdosin the world with that cute shit
It's time for this realness

[Havoc]
And here I go again, lettin the mac blow
Slugs bubble up in your stomach like lactose
I'ma date shorty, put it up in her backbone
For real, put it on her like {?} wrapped dome, f'real

[Prodigy]
Know what? We outlive labels, and distributors
We run laps around e'ry artist on your payroll
Then hop up in a Range Rov', jet black
with the black rims, killin yo' bitch in her a-hole; uh-oh!

[Chorus]

[samples continue to fade]
"If I only could, I'd be running up that hill.
If I only could, I'd be running up that hill."

It doesn't hurt me.
Do you want to feel how it feels?
Do you want to know that it doesn't hurt me?
Do you want to hear about the deal that I'm making?
You, it's you and me.

And if I only could,
I'd make a deal with God,
And I'd get him to swap our places,
Be running up that road,
Be running up that hill,
Be running up that building.
If I only could, oh...

You don't want to hurt me,
But see how deep the bullet lies.
Unaware I'm tearing you asunder.
Ooh, there is thunder in our hearts.

Is there so much hate for the ones we love?
Tell me, we both matter, don't we?
You, it's you and me.
It's you and me won't be unhappy.

And if I only could,
I'd make a deal with God,
And I'd get him to swap our places,
Be running up that road,
Be running up that hill,
Be running up that building,
Say, if I only could, oh...

You,
It's you and me,
It's you and me won't be unhappy.

"C'mon, baby, c'mon darling,
Let me steal this moment from you now.
C'mon, angel, c'mon, c'mon, darling,
Let's exchange the experience, oh..."

And if I only could,
I'd make a deal with God,
And I'd get him to swap our places,
Be running up that road,
Be running up that hill,
With no problems.

And if I only could,
I'd make a deal with God,
And I'd get him to swap our places,
Be running up that road,
Be running up that hill,
With no problems.

And if I only could,
I'd make a deal with God,
And I'd get him to swap our places,
Be running up that road,
Be running up that hill,
With no problems.

If I only could
Be running up that hill
With no problems...

"If I only could, I'd be running up that hill.
If I only could, I'd be running up that hill."
Uh, what up y'all!
Soundtrack what's popping baby?
Y'all ain't know, I go by the name of Lupe Fiasco
Representing that first and fifteen
Jyea, uh!
And this one right here
I dedicate this one right here
To all my homies out there grinding
You know what I'm saying?
Legally and illegally
Hahaha..
You know what I'm talking about?
So, check it out

[Verse 1]
First got it when he was six
Didn't know any tricks
Matter of fact first time he got on it he slipped
Landed on his hip
And bust his lip
For a week he had to talk with a lisp
Like THISSSSS
Now we can end the story right here
But shorty didn't quit there was something in the air
Yea, he said it was something so appealing
He couldn't fight the feeling
Something about it
He knew he couldn't doubt it
Couldn't understand it
Brand it, just the first kickflip he land it
Uh, labeled a misfit, a bandit
Kakunk Kakunk Kakunk!
His neighbors couldn't stand it so
He was banished to the park
Started in the morning wouldn't stop 'til after dark
Yea, when they said, "It's getting late in here..
...so I'm sorry young man there's no skating here"

[Chorus]
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
And away he rolled
Just a rebel to the world with no place to go
And so he kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel
Looking for a place to be
So let's kick...and push...and coast

[Verse 2]
My man got a little older
Became a better roller
Yea, no helmet, hellbent on killing himself
That's what his mama said, but he was feeling himself
Got a little more swagger in his style
Met his girlfriend she was clapping in the crowd
Love is what what was happening to him now
Uh, he said I would marry you
But I'm engaged to these arials and variels
And I don't think this board is strong enough to carry two
She said Bow, I weigh 120 pounds
Now, let me make one thing clear
I don't need to ride yours
I got mine right here
So she took him to a spot
He didn't know about
Something odd in the apartment parking lot
She said I don't normally take dates in here
Security came and said, "I'm sorry there's no skating here"

[Chorus]
And so they kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
And away they rolled
Just lovers intertwined with no place to go
And so they kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, coast
So come and skate with me
Just a rebel
Looking for a place to be
So let's kick...and push...and coast

[Verse 3]
Before he knew he had a crew
That wasn't no punk
And they spitfire shirts
And SB dunks
They would push 'til they couldn't skate no more
Office building lobbies wasn't safe no more
And it wasn't like they wasn't getting chased no more
Just the freedom was better than breathing they said
Any escape route they used to escape out
When things got crazy
They needed to break out
They head to any place with stairs
Any good grinds
The world was theirs
Uh, and their four wheels would take them there
Until the cops came and said, "There's no skating here"

[Chorus]
And so they kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick push, coast
And away they rolled
Just rebels without a cause with no place to go
And so they kick, push, kick, push, kick, push, kick push, coast
So come roll with me
Just a rebel
Looking for a place to be
So let's kick...and push...and coast
Have you ever met a girl that you tried to date
But a year to make love she wanted you to wait
Let me tell ya a story of my situation
I was talkin' to this girl from the U.S. nation
The way that I met her was on tour at a concert
She had long hair and a short miniskirt
I just got onstage drippin', pourin' with sweat
I was walkin' through the crowd and guess who I met
I whispered in her ear, 'Come to the picture booth
So I can ask you some questions to see if you are a hundred proof'
I asked her her name, she said 'blah-blah-blah'
She had 9/10 pants and a very big bra
I took a couple of flicks and she was enthused
I said, 'How do you like the show?'
she said, 'I was very amused'
I started throwin' bass, she started throwin' back mid-range
But when I sprung the question, she acted kind of strange
Then when I asked, 'Do ya have a man?' she tried to pretend
She said, 'No I don't, I only have a friend'
Come on, I'm not even goin' for it
This is what I'm goin' sing

You, you got what I need but you say he's just a friend
And you say he's just a friend, oh baby
You, you got what I need but you say he's just a friend
But you say he's just a friend, oh baby
You, you got what I need but you say he's just a friend
But you say he's just a friend

So I took blah-blah's word for it at this time
I thought just havin' a friend couldn't be no crime
'Cause I have friends and that's a fact
Like Agnes, Agatha, Germaine, and Jacq
Forget about that, let's go into the story
About a girl named blah-blah-blah that adored me
So we started talkin', getttin' familiar
Spendin' a lot of time so we can build up
A relationship or some understanding
How it's gonna be in the future we was plannin'
Everything sounded so dandy and sweet
I had no idea I was in for a treat
After this was established, everything was cool
The tour was over and she went back to school
I called every day to see how she was doin'
Everytime that I called her it seemed somethin' was brewin'
I called her room, a guy picked up, and then I called again
I said, 'Yo, who was that?' 'Oh, he's just a friend'
Don't gimme that, don't ever gimme that
Jus' bust this

You, you got what I need but you say he's just a friend
And you say he's just a friend, oh baby
You, you got what I need but you say he's just a friend
But you say he's just a friend, oh baby
You, you got what I need but you say he's just a friend
But you say he's just a friend

So I came to her college on a surprise visit
To see my girl that was so exquisite
It was a school day, I knew she was there
The first semester of the school year
I went to a gate to ask where was her dorm
This guy made me fill out a visitor's form
He told me where it was and I was on my way
To see my baby doll, I was happy to say
I arrived in front of the dormitory
'Yo, could you tell me where is door three?'
They showed me where it was for the moment
I didn't know I was in for such an event
So I came to her room and opened the door
Oh, snap! Guess what I saw?
A fella tongue-kissin' my girl in the mouth,
I was so in shock my heart went down south
So please listen to the message that I send
Don't ever talk to a girl who says she just has a friend
Yeah..
Doo-doo-doo, mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm..
Doo-doo-d-doo, diggy-doo YO..

I never knew a luh, luh-luh, a love like this
Gotta be somethin for me to write this
Queen, I ain't seen you in a minute
Wrote this letter, and finally decide to send it
Signed sealed delivered for us to grow together
Love has no limit, let's spend it slow forever
I know your heart is weathered by what studs did to you
I ain't gon' assault em cause I probably did it too
Because of you, feelings I handle with care
Some niggaz recognize the light but they can't handle the glare
You know I ain't the type to walk around with matchin shirts
If relationship is effort I will match your work
I wanna be the one to make you happiest, it hurts you the most
They say the end is near, it's important that we close..
.. to the most, high
Regardless of what happen on him let's rely

There are times.. when you'll need someone..
I will be by your side..
There is a light, that shines,
special for you, and me..

Yo, yo, check it
It's important, we communicate
and tune the fate of this union, to the right pitch
I never call you my bitch or even my boo
There's so much in a name and so much more in you
Few understand the union of woman and man
And sex and a tingle is where they assume that it land
But that's fly by night for you and the sky I write
For in these cold Chi night's moon, you my light
If heaven had a height, you would be that tall
Ghetto to coffee shop, through you I see that all
Let's stick to understandin and we won't fall
For better or worse times, I hope to me you call
So I pray everyday more than anything
friends will stay as we begin to lay
this foundation for a family - love ain't simple
Why can't it be anything worth having you work at annually
Granted we known each other for some time
It don't take a whole day to recognize sunshine

There are times.. when you'll need someone..
I will be by your side, oh darling
There is a light, that shines,
special for you, and me..

Yeah.. yo, yo, check it
It's kinda fresh you listen to more than hip-hop
and I can catch you in the mix from beauty to thrift shop
Plus you ship hop when it's time to, thinkin you fresh
Suggestin beats I should rhyme to
At times when I'm lost I try to find you
You know to give me space when it's time to
My heart's dictionary defines you, it's love and happiness
Truthfully it's hard tryin to practice abstinence
The time we committed love it was real good
Had to be for me to arrive and it still feel good
I know the sex ain't gon' keep you, but as my equal
it's how I must treat you
As my reflection in light I'ma lead you
And whatever's right, I'ma feed you
Digga-da, digga-da, digga-da, digga-digga-da-da
Yo I tell you the rest when I see you, peace

There are times.. when you'll need someone..
I will be by your side..
There is a light, that shines,
special for you, and me..

(I'll) take my chances.. before they pass..
.. pass me by, oh darling..
You need to look at the other side..
You'll agree..
Little somethin for my godson Elijah and a little girl named Corrine

Verse One:

Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
I say the darker the flesh then the deeper the roots
I give a holler to my sisters on welfare
Tupac cares, if don't nobody else care
And uhh, I know they like to beat ya down a lot
When you come around the block brothers clown a lot
But please don't cry, dry your eyes, never let up
Forgive but don't forget, girl keep your head up
And when he tells you you ain't nuttin don't believe him
And if he can't learn to love you you should leave him
Cause sista you don't need him
And I ain't tryin to gas ya up, I just call em how I see em
You know it makes me unhappy (what's that)
When brothas make babies, and leave a young mother to be a pappy
And since we all came from a woman
Got our name from a woman and our game from a woman
I wonder why we take from our women
Why we rape our women, do we hate our women?
I think it's time to kill for our women
Time to heal our women, be real to our women
And if we don't we'll have a race of babies
That will hate the ladies, that make the babies
And since a man can't make one
He has no right to tell a woman when and where to create one
So will the real men get up
I know you're fed up ladies, but keep your head up

Chorus

Ooooh child things are gonna get easier
Ooooh child things are gonna get brighter

Ooooh child things are gonna get easier
Ooooh child things are gonna get brighter

Verse Two:

Aiyyo, I remember Marvin Gaye, used to sing ta me
He had me feelin like black was tha thing to be
And suddenly tha ghetto didn't seem so tough
And though we had it rough, we always had enough
I huffed and puffed about my curfew and broke the rules
Ran with the local crew, and had a smoke or two
And I realize momma really paid the price
She nearly gave her life, to raise me right
And all I had ta give her was my pipe dream
Of how I'd rock the mic, and make it to tha bright screen
I'm tryin to make a dollar out of fifteen cents
It's hard to be legit and still pay tha rent
And in the end it seems I'm headin for tha pen
I try and find my friends, but they're blowin in the wind
Last night my buddy lost his whole family
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity
It seems tha rain'll never let up
I try to keep my head up, and still keep from gettin wet up
You know it's funny when it rains and pours
They got money for wars, but can't feed the poor
They say there ain't no hope for the youth and the truth is
there ain't no hope for tha future
And then they wonder why we crazy
I blame my mother, for turning my brother into a crack baby
We ain't meant to survive, cause it's a setup
And even though you're fed up
Huh, ya got to keep your head up

Chorus

Verse Three:

And uhh
To all the ladies havin babies on they own
I know it's kinda rough and you're feelin all alone
Daddy's long gone and he left you by ya lonesome
Thank the Lord for my kids, even if nobody else want em
Cause I think we can make it, in fact, I'm sure
And if you fall, stand tall and comeback for more
Cause ain't nuttin worse than when your son
wants to kno why his daddy don't love him no mo'
You can't complain you was dealt this
hell of a hand without a man, feelin helpless
Because there's too many things for you to deal with
Dying inside, but outside you're looking fearless
While tears, is rollin down your cheeks
Ya steady hopin things don't all down this week
Cause if it did, you couldn't take it, and don't blame me
I was given this world I didn't make it
And now my son's getten older and older and cold
From havin the world on his shoulders
While the rich kids is drivin Benz
I'm still tryin to hold on to survivin friends
And it's crazy, it seems it'll never let up, but
please... you got to keep your head up
Verse 1

(Nas)
Low profile, rap style
slick as new now
give the crew pounds
every time we cover them grounds
still surviving but there's a few down
back in the essence
I'm asking questions on the phone
with jail adolescence
crying confession, the system's supplying the pressure
my mind is guessing
Is living and dying a lesson
but not to be obliged with the mirage
of cars taking you off track
from with the gods focus on hard
Laid up smoking cigars
motioning maids to bring me toast and eggs
kosher, Ice chokers and wolves to smoke ya
my wisdom culture lives in ultra madness
devoted coach bag bitch
broke the average nigga's hopes to get mad rich
But what's the purpose
only the gods can watch the Earth twist
I'm physically trapped down on the surface
with all the crack merchants
snakes and serpents
foul jakes the searches
clowns with four pounds this ain't a circus.
Chorus (R. Kelly)

Street dreamer
Oh mercy mercy me
Ain't nothing I got for ya
Situations get heavy
Heavy, heavy
Trying to be a gangster.
Verse 2

(Nas)
The black clouds over the hood
I'm on the corner with the thugs
late night under the moon
as they assume I'm slanging drugs
cause I'm hooded up
thought a G a night wasn't good enough
pushed my luck
yo they had a brother put in cuffs
Luckily, made it out of court comfortably
judge said I need a job ain't nothing coming free
could've got a one to three
I try to school these shorties under me
but they can't see
From life to death
so know we back to where we never left the ghetto
It's a damn shame


knowing it's a man's game
shorty thinks it's time to make ya plans change
all that running round trying to chase
what's already here - been there
it's going no where
pops told me knuckle up - no fear
I wish some of these killings
they could be prevented
whatever happens it was written
meaning God meant it
but during ya life you put ya heart in it
even though it seems we being targeted
let that brother R hit it
Chorus (extended)

(Nas) Sort of wild, since a child
hope was all we had
drip the bust out past
complaning the mental straining
how many in my crew is into gaining
subtract the weak links about the chaining
rise it start raining
Blasphemy using Nas name in vain
some plain supreme being
yet they lied in his name
I tried to learn the game
and the only thing I found incredible
everything I tried to learn
see, I already knew
And it's embedded in my heart now
so I can sit back, count a stack
and play my part now
I saw my life flash in front of my eyes
he wore disguise
put a gun to me hungry he
went on to chastize
That's Nas ain't it
made it rich from entertainment
fresh wally's painted
as he told the kid he came with
my first thought was how the game flip
Yo perhaps it was somebody I smacked
drunk in a party on yak
or was I marked for a contract
for some foul act
a little while back or beyond that
you got me laying face flat
saying my grace black
woke up in a cold sweat
Yo, I hate that
My air like I lost in the battlefield
that's why I hit the mic with mad appeal
grab ya shield and meet ya maker
Queens niggas die for paper
these the things the street dreams will take ya.
Chorus
[Vocal Sample: Curtis Mayfield &amp;amp; The Impressions]
Pushin'
Keep on pushin'
I've got to keep on pushin'

[Intro: Bun talking over sample]
Say man I don't give a fuck about the FEDs
D.E.A., A.T.F., Task Force, Jump-out boys, or your local neighborhood robbers
Baby I got to keep on pushin'

[Bun B]
Well it's the king of the hover trade and the sergeant of snow (Snow)
They call me Mr. Killa Gram in case yo ass ain't know (Know)
I'm the boss baller of blow when you come to the Gulf (Gulf)
Other cats holdin' some weight but they ain't holdin' enough
I've been around way before the Interstate was on fire (Fire)
Before they hid it in the gas or the tire (Tire)
Before a motherfucker even knew about a stash box
We just put work in the back of the car (Man), and mashed out (For real)
Now ask a nigga that was doin' it in nine-three
On the Interstate in a rental car you can find me
Suitcase is stuffed like a holiday turkey (Turkey)
Chopper right beside in case a nigga try to jerk me (Jerk me)
I did the city thing plus I played it out of state
Either way a nigga was known for havin' a lot of weight
Try to knock me down but it only made me bigger
Haters wanna see me fall but a nigga gotta keep on pushin'

[Scarface]
I feel you Bun, I feel you Young, I mean, I feel you

I'm on the corner from sun up to sun down
Competition gettin' hectic, I'm headed for out of town
What I was, sellin' for twenty, niggaz sellin' for ten
So I'm bout to take it to drastic measurements for my ends
My partner Rob in seventeen and in the Benz
And me I'm in a bucket but fuck it, that's how it is, shit
I got an ounce about to cut it into stones
Next stop: Port Arthur, Texas, I work it in the Lones
I'm a little nigga on his hustle bout to rise
I was cuttin' seventeen and I was only payin' five
A week went by, and a nigga took that dry
Back to H-Town, with re-up about to score me nine
A Pyrex bulb and the whoop so throwed
I cooked it for nine then I stretched it for nine more
Whoa, I'm that nigga bakin' with holes in his door
Crummy niggaz sellin' that ether but fuck it, shit sold

[Young Jeezy]
Ay, no matter how hard it get you know I'mma
Real talk, real niggaz do real things you know they (CHEEAAA)
You already know, free Pimp C nigga (LIFE NIGGA)
U.G.K. for motherfuckin' life, U.S.D.A. nigga, C.T.E. nigga (CHEAA)
You know them Houston niggaz you know they niggaz keep on pushin' nigga (PUSHIN)
G.A. niggaz you know they already
Real niggaz do real things nigga you already know nigga
C.T.E. nigga, Rap-A-Lot records (AYE, AYE, AYE)

One day you're here, the next day you're gone (WHAT?)
Cuz some nigga set you up on the phone (DAMN)
Shit, I play it how I go, I'm in a league of my own
You ain't gotta front me shit nigga, I'm buyin' my own (HAHA)
Whether it's sixteen bars or sixteen bricks (CHEA)
Move 'em one at a time, I'll take sixteen trips (LET'S GET IT)
I'm in the kitchen with the white, choppers by the back door (AYE)
Mind on my money, but I swear this shit stack dough (HAHA)
Square's in the closet, a hundred thousand in the box spring
Got the stash box in the back of the Mustang (CHEA)
You know I keep a down ass bitch to dry that shit
Look, I-T a nigga yea she ride that shit
Hey, I hustle harder, I hustle smarter (AYE)
Just left the magnum lot tried to whip me up a charter (HAHA)
I'm so ahead of my time, ahead of my grind
Look at snowman bitch, it's a must that I shine (YEAAAA)
See my watch is like...damn, my ears beggin' for attention (AYE)
A quarter mill around my neck, in case I forgot to mention
You niggaz actin' like hoes so motherfucker keep gushin'
I'mma do what the gangstas do and nigga keep pushin' (AYYEEE)

[Vocal sample and beat ride out til fade]
[Styles P]

Locked up, they won't let me out
And I had a long day in court, shit stress me out
Won't give me a bill, they can't get me out
Now I'm headin to the County, gotta do a bid here
I used to livin luxurious, I don't wanna live here
The walls is gray, the clothes is orange
The phones is broke, the food is garbage
Lotta niggaz is livin with these circumstances
S.P.'s the same, I still merk ya mans-es
Drug money to rap money, work advances
Niggaz ran and told, I shoulda merked to Kansas
Got popped for a murder attempt
Knock me on D-Block when I was burnin the hemp
Had a brick in the stash
Hope they don't take it to a further extent
Locked up and they won't let me out
When I hit my cellblock, niggaz know the dread be out

[Akon]

I'm steady tryin to find a motive, why do what I do?
The freedom ain't gettin no closer, no matter how far I go
My car is stolen - no registration
The cops patrollin - and now they done stopped me
And I get locked up

[Chorus: Akon]

They won't let me out
They won't let me out
I'm locked up; they won't let me out, nooo
They won't let me out
I'm locked up, they won't let me out
They won't let me out
I'm locked up, they won't let me out, nooo
They won't let me out

[Akon]

Headin up town to re-up, back with a couple ki's
The corner block's on fire, undercovers dressed as fiends
Makin so much money - product's movin fast
Put away the stash - as I sold the last bag
Fucked around and got locked up

[Chorus]

[Styles P.]

Now that I'm locked up I rep two sets so
I'ma +Ryde or Die+ and stay D-Blocked up
Two toothbrushes up, whoever want it with P
When I walk by, nigga get up
Cause I'm locked up, they can't get me out
I smoke a stick of haze when they stress me out
Go and hit the bar when the wrecks be out
Can't wait for the day when they let me out

[Akon]

Cause visitation no longer comes by
It seems like they forgot about me
Commissary is gettin empty
My cellmates gettin food without me
I can't wait to get out and move forward with my life
(Move on with my life)
Got a family that loves me and wants me to do right
But instead I'm here locked up

[Chorus w/ variations + ad libs]

[Outro over Chorus - repeat to fade]

Cause I'm locked up
Where's my lawyer
.. Get me out of here
Baby I'm locked up
Where's my niggaz on the block
Tell them I'm locked up
I'm locked up
.. Can you please accept my phone call
Shit Word
I bust that niggas ass right now
Ain't none of those niggas can fuck
What nigga you can never fuck me my nigga
I'll fuck you up right now
WHAT WHAT WHAT
I'll bust your motherfuckin ass boy I ain't no Motherfuckin Joke
Know who you talkin to Ol Dirty Bastard
Know what i'm sayin
I'll fuck you up right now yeah
What What What
O'l Dirty
( he ain't sayin nothin fuck him)

I'm the one man army Ason
I never been tookin out I keep MC's lookin out
I drop signs like Cosby dropin babies
Enough to make a nigga go crazy
In the G building takin all types of medicine
Your ass thought you were better than
Hey son I keep planets in orbit
While I be comin with deeper and more shit
Enough to make ya , break ya , shake ya ass
???
Ryhmes good as a tasty cake mix
This style I mastered in
Niggas catchin headaches what what you need aspirin
A type of pain you couldn't kill with Midol
Fuck around get sprayed with the lysol
in your face like a can of mace baby'
Is a burnin to fuckin now your learnin
How I don't even like you Motherfuckin profile
Give my my fuckin shit ( click click) Pow
Thats when you know
No one knows you forget niggas be quiet as kept
Now you know nothin before you knew a whole fuckin lot
Your ass don't wanna get shot
Alot of MC's came to my showdown
TO watch me put your fuckin ass low down
Now you should go alozaro?
With outa doubt I never been tookin out
By a nigga who couldn't figga yo by a nigga who couldn't figga yo by a nigga who couldn't figga
nigga who couldn't figga
How to pull a fuckin gun trigga so get the fuck outa here
niggas wanna get to close to ja upmost
but i got stacks that attack any wack host
Introducing yo fuck that nigga name
My hip-hop drops on your head like rain
And when it rains It pours to the ryhmes hardcore thats why I give you more of the raw
Talent that i got will result to swat MCs I be burnin burnin hot
WHOA HO HO
Let me like slower with the flow
If movin quick ow you just won't know
I'm homicidal when ya enter the target
Niggas get up act like a pig tryin to hog shit
So I'll take yur ass out quick
The mics are mad at my nigga
You can suck my dick
If you wanna step to to my mother fuckin rent
(chik chik) Bow Bow Bow Blown to death
]You got shot cause your knock knock knock
whose there another motherfuckin hard rock
Slackin on your mackin' cause raws what ya lack you want to react bring it on back

Shame on you when you step through to the o'l dirty bastard
Brooklyn Zoo (x5)
What my nigga
Where the fuck are my car keys?
They were right here in my hand.

I had 'em just a second ago

Did I leave them in the kitchen?
Or underneath the cushins of the couch?

I can't find them anywhere, anywh- Oh wait here they are.
See I was resting at the park minding my own
business as I kick up the treble tone
on my radio tape player box, right
just loud enough so folks could hear it's hype, see ?
Outta nowhere comes the woman I'm dating
investigation maybe she was demonstrating
But nevertheless I was pleased
My day was going great and my soul was at ease
until a group of brothers started bugging out
drinking the 40 oz, going the nigga route
Disrespecting my black queen
holding their crotches and being obscene
At first I ignored them cause see I know their type
They got drunk and got guns and they wanna fight
and they see a young couple having a time that's good
and their egos wanna test a brother's manhood
So they came to test Speech cause of my hair-do
and the loud bright colors that I wear [Boo !]
I was a target cause I'm a fashion misfit
and the outfit that I'm wearing brothers dissing it
Well I stay calm and pray the niggaz leave me be
but they're squeezing parts of my date's anatomy
Why, Lord, do brothers have to drill me ?
Cause if I start to hit this man they'll have to kill me

[CHORUS:]
I am everyday people (2x)

I told the niggaz please let us pass, friend
I said please cause I don't like killing Africans
but he wouldn't stop and I ain't Ice Cube
but I had to take the brother out for being rude
and like I said before I was mad by then
It took three or four cops to pull me off of him
But that's the story y'all of a black man
acting like a nigga and get stomped by an African

[CHORUS]
Oh, hello Mr. Soul, I dropped by to pick up a reason
For the thought that I caught that my head is the event of the season
Why in crowds just a trace of my face could seem so pleasin'
I'll cop out to the change, but a stranger is putting the tease on.

I was down on a frown when the messenger brought me a letter
I was raised by the praise of a fan who said I upset her
Any girl in the world could have easily known me better
She said, You're strange, but don't change, and I let her.

In a while will the smile on my face turn to plaster?
Stick around while the clown who is sick does the trick of disaster
For the race of my head and my face is moving much faster
Is it strange I should change? I don't know, why don't you ask her?
This transmission is coming to you
You got it
We see the earth
Uh we see the uh earth now uh
When I'm alone in my room sometimes I stare at the wall
and in the back of my mind I hear my conscience call
Telling me I need a girl who's as sweet as a dove
For the first time in my life I see I need love
There I was, giggling about the games
That I had played with many hearts and I'm not saying no-names
Then the thought occurred, tear drops made my eyes burn
As I said to myself "Look what you've done to her"
I can feel it inside, I can't explain how it feels
All I know is that I'll never dish another raw deal
Playing make believe pretending that I'm true
Holding in my laugh as I say that I love you
Sayin' amour kissing you on the ear
Whispering I love you and I'll always be here
Although I often reminisce I can't believe that I found
A desire for true love floating around
Inside my soul because my soul is cold
One half of me deserve to be this way 'til I'm old
But the other half needs affection and joy
And the warmth that is created by a girl and a boy

I need love

Romance, sheer delight how sweet
I gotta find me a girl to make my life complete
You can scratch my back, we'll get cozy and huddle
I'll lay down my jacket so you can walk over a puddle
I'll give you a rose, pull out your chair before we eat
Kiss you on the cheek and say "Ooh girl, you're so sweet"
It's deja vu whenever I'm with you
I could go on forever tellin' you what I do
But where you at, you're neither here nor there
I swear I can't find you anywhere
Damn sure you ain't in my closet or under my rug
This love search is really making me bug
And if you know who you are why don't you make yourself seen
Take a chance with my love you'll find out what I mean
Fantasies can run, but they can't hide
When I find you I'm a pour all my love inside

I need love

I wanna kiss you, hold you, never scold you, just love you
Suck on your neck, caress you and rub you
Grind moan and never be alone
if you're not standing next to me You're on the phone
Can't you hear it in my voice? I need love bad
I got money, but love is something I never had
I need your ruby red lips sweet face and all
I love you more than a man who's ten feet tall
I'd watch the sunrise in your eyes
We're so in love when we hug, we become paralyzed
Our bodies explode in ectasy unreal
You're as soft as a pillow and I'm as hard as steel
It's like a dream-land I can't lie, I've never been there
Maybe this is an experience that me and you can share
Clean and unsoiled yet sweaty and wet
I swear to you this is something I'll never forget

I need love

See what I mean I've changed I'm no longer
A playboy on the run I need something that's stronger
Friendship, trust, honor, respect, admiration
This whole experience has been such a revelation
It taught me love and how to be a real man
To always be considerate and do all I can
Protect you, you're my lady and you mean so much
my body tingles all over from the slightest touch
Of your hand and understand I'll be frozen in time
'till we meet face to face and you tell me you're mine
If I find you girl, I swear I'll be a good man
I'm not gonna leave it in destiny's hands
I can't sit and wait for my princess to arrive
I gotta struggle and fight to keep my dream alive
I'll search the whole world for that special girl
When I finally found you, watch our love unfurl

I need love

LL Talking:
Girl, listen to me
When I be sitting in my room all alone
Staring at the wall
Fantasies, they go through my mind and I've come to realize
That I need true love and if you wanna give it to me girl
Make yourself seen I'll be waiting

I love you
Verse 1:(Common)
Memories on corners with the fo's and the mo's
Walk to the store for the rose, talking straightforward to hoes
Got uncles that smoke, and some put blow up they nose
To cope with the lows, the wind is cold and it blows
In they socks and they soles, niggaz holdin' they rolls
Corners leave souls opened and closed, hopin' for mo'
We know where to go, niggaz rollin' in droves
They shoot the wrong way, cuz they ain't know and they goes
The streets ain't safe cuz they ain't knowing the code
By the foes I was told, either focus or fold
Got cousins with flows, hope they open some doors
So we can cop clothes and roll in a Rolls
Now I roll in a Olds, with windows that don't roll
Down the roads where cars get broken and stole
These are the stories told by Stony and Cottage Grove
The world is cold, the block is hot as a stove
On the corners

Hook:
(Kanye West)
I wish I could give you this feelin'
I wish I could give this feelin'
On the corners niggaz rob or kill
And dyin' just to make a livin', huh?

(Spoken: Lost Prophets)
We overstated, we underrated, we educated
The corner was our time when time stood still and
Gators and snakeskins and
Yellow and pink and
? profiles ??

Verse 2: (Common)
Street lights and deep nights, cats tryin' to eat right
Ridin' no-seat-bikes, with work to feed hypes
So they can get sweet Nike's, they head and they feet right
Desires of street life, cars and weed types
Its hard to breathe nights, days are thief-like
The beasts roam the streets, the police is Greek-like
Game that is deep, we speak and believe hype
Banged in the streets has cop left for deep life (?)
Its steep life, coming up where niggaz is sheep-like
Rappers and hoopers, we strive to be like
G's with three strikes, seeds that need light
Cheese and recite, needs and BE strife
The corner, where struggle and greed fight
We write songs about wrong cuz its hard to see right
Look to the sky, hoping it will bleed light
Reality's a bitch, and I heard that she bites
The corner

Hook:
(Kanye West)
I wish I could give you this feelin'
I wish I could give this feelin'
On the corners niggaz rob or kill
And dyin' just to make a livin', huh?

(Spoken: Lost Prophets)
The corner was our magic, our music, our politics
Fires raised as tribal dances and war cries
Broke out on different corners
Power to the people
Black power
Black is beautiful

Verse 3: (Common)
Black church services, murderers, Arabs serving burgers
As cats with gold permanents, move they bags as herbalists
The dirt isn't just fertile, its people workin' and earnin' this
The curb getters go where the cats flow and the current is
Its so hot that niggaz burn to live
The furnace is, whether money movin', the determined live
We talk shit, play lotto, and buy German beers
Its so black packed with action that's affirmative
The corners

Hook:
(Kanye West)
I wish I could give you this feelin'
I wish I could give this feelin'
On the corners niggaz rob or kill
And dyin' just to make a livin', huh?

(Spoken: Lost Prophets)
The corner was our Rock of Gibraltar, our Stonehenge
Our Taj Mahal, our monument
Our testimonial to freedom, to peace, and to love
Down on the corner
Now I'm a say this one time for you and that's my word
We rock the shots and knock fire through the Hindenberg
The contributon is clear, you add water to bone
and get the Jurassic 5 on the microphone
now if you like the tone
and how the harmonys done
and the sucker MCs died before they begun
but I like to know if they got the notion
cuz we're number one
I'm not trying to say my style is better than yours
I'm just in some other shit
I'm all about the beat and the lyrics
so when you hear it you can feel it
The vibe is energized by the presence of my spirit
No interference, we persevere
the purpose is clear we're here to like your ear hurtin severe
you're lurking in fear cuz we take it back like Robin Locksley
rockin from countryside to spots where hard rocks be
I often wonder if these MCs even knows how it feels
to dedicate they whole life for this mic and steel
It ain't about the bill, that's not keeping it real
a lot of tight rappers out there ain't got no deal
We appeal to the brothas with flow finesse
cuz it's the hundred watt gunshot game of death
cuz we're protected by the covenant of words and beats
rewind and feel the heat recline and take a seat so uh
let's take you back to the concrete streets
original beats and real live MCs
Playground tactics no rabbit in a hat tricks
just add classic rap shit from Jurassic

let's take you back to the concrete streets
original beats and real live MCs
Playground tactics no rabbit in a hat tricks
just add classic rap shit from Jurassic

Now I walk from Tranzania, earthquake Transylvania
and on the way I dig a hole through the Wall of China
just to get the right blend
cuz I'm schizophrenic of the pathway to livin
I fell into the deep end
You shouldn't have told me that pyramids can hold me
so now a contest is what you owe me
Pull out your beats, pull out your cuts
give us a mic, What up? And we will tear shit up
I'm on some old and forgotten sun up to sun down
like picking cotton the nutty professor is science droppin
rockin robins hood from New York to Compton
me and my 3 sons Jabari, Shakir, and Kahsum

let's take you back to the concrete streets
original beats and real live MCs
Playground tactics no rabbit in a hat tricks
just add classic rap shit from Jurassic

let's take you back to the concrete streets
original beats and real live MCs
Playground tactics no rabbit in a hat tricks
just add classic rap shit from Jurassic

du da du du da du du..

Hey I'm 2na Fish from UNITY do or die anti illumianti
Why do delivery from my vocals make the ghettos start swimmin
forever winnin in it like Medolark Lemon
I get goose bumps when the bassline thumps
The sucka for style he had mine for lunch
Mark 7even get you open like an attache
briefcase in this case defeat there is no way
Eh eh, the tool spinners cookin the full dinner
killn the first born like lyrical Yule Brinners
When isn't the Acadamy rattling your anatomy
gotta be J5 so kill all fake flattery
That'll be the day when labels pay my way
2Na whatcha say when MCs come to play?
?Man for dead? Cuz we take it back like spinal tap
preparin your intelect befor your final nap.

let's take you back to the concrete streets
original beats and real live MCs
Playground tactics no rabbit in a hat tricks
just add classic rap shit from Jurassic

let's take you back to the concrete streets
original beats and real live MCs
Playground tactics no rabbit in a hat tricks
just add classic rap shit from Jurassic

Shit's got beef huh watch how I settle it
I fuck around and arrest your whole development
I'm eloquent when it comes to digital display
I'm ready for the world while you hurl off the tanqueray tactics
My shit's Jurassic 5 fingers of death while you exhale and inhale
with a deep breath with my chop suey style
cuz I'm a lyrical chef I gives mines to the death
cuz I'll be cookin from here to brooklyn
your shit's annoying like fat ass Bookman on Good Times
when I rhyme I hit the designated area
I hope you got your shots cuz this is lyrical malaria
spreadin, beheadin fools with the punishment
I live in America but FUCK this government
150 times over sealed with lead while you all drink the similack
like my rhymes was breast fed
no artificial nipples I flip the real skills
I thought I told you once I kick the lyrical windmills
and backspin benedict straightly for my benefit
I step on toes when I flow don't get offended
Coming in with it comprehend it when I kick it
I represent the real from the beginning to the end of it
Uhh,
Hit them with a lil' ghetto gospel

[Chorus - Elton John:]
Those who wish to follow me (My ghetto gospel)
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior without the sound of guns

[2Pac]
If I could recelect before my hood dayz
I'd sit and reminisce, nigga and bliss on the good dayz
i stop and stare at the younger, my heart goes to'em
They tested, it was stressed that they under
In our days, things changed
Everyone's ashamed to the youth cuz the truth looks strange
And for me it's reversed, we left them a world that's cursed, and it hurts
cause any day they'll push the button
and yall condemned like Malcolm x and Bobby Hunton, died for nothin
Don't them let me get teary, the world looks dreary
but when you wipe your eyes, see it clearly
there's no need for you to fear me
if you take the time to hear me, maybe you can learn to cheer me
it aint about black or white, cuz we're human
I hope we see the light before its ruined
my ghetto gospel

[Chorus - Elton John:]
Those who wish to follow me (My ghetto gospel)
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior without the sound of guns

[2Pac]
Tell me do you see that old lady aint it sad
Living out a bag, but she's glad for the little things she has
And over there there's a lady, crack got her crazy
Guess she's given birth to a baby
I don't trip and let it fade me, from outta the frying pan
We jump into another form of slavery
Even now I keep discouraged
Wonder if they take it all back while I still keep the courage
I refuse to be a role model
I set goals, take control, drink out my own bottle
I make mistakes, but learn from every one
And when its said and done
I bet this Brotha be a better one
If I'm upset, you don't stress
Never forget, that God hasn't finished with me yet
I feel his hand on my brain
When I write rhymes, I go blind, and let the lord do his thang
But am I less holy
Cuz I choose to puff a blunt and drink a beer with my homies
Before we find world peace
We gotta find peace in that war on the streets
My ghetto gospel

[Chorus - Elton John:]
Those who wish to follow me (Yeah My ghetto gospel)
I welcome with my hands
And the red sun sinks at last into the hills of gold
And peace to this young warrior without the sound of guns

[2Pac]
Lord can you hear me speak!!
To pay the price of being hell bound...
"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that" (repeat 2X)
--] Kool Keith from the Ultramagnetic MC's 'Ease Back'

[Nas]
Yo; I never brag, how real I keep it, cause it's the best secret
I rock a vest, prestigious, Cuban link flooded Jesus
in a Lex watchin Kathie Lee and Regis
My actions are one with the seasons
A tec squeezin - executioner, winter time I rock a fur
Mega popular, center of attraction
Climaxin, my bitches they be laughin
They high from sniffin coke off a twenty-cent Andrew Jackson
City lights spark a New York night
Rossi and Martini sippin, Sergio Tachinni flippin mad pies
low price, I blow dice and throw em
Forty-five by my scrotum, manifest the "Do or Die" slogan
My niggaz roll in ten M3's
Twenty Gods poppin wheelies on Kawasaki's
Hip-Hop's got me on some ol', sprayin shots like a drumroll
Blankin out and never miscount the shells my gun hold
I don't stunt, I regulate
Henny and Sprite, I seperate, watchin crab niggaz marinate
I'm all about tecs and good jooks and sex
Israelite books, holdin government names from Ness
MC's are crawlin out, every hole in the slum
You be aight like blood money in a pimp's cum

"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that"
"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that..
.. for, you wack MC's"

[Nas]
Currency is made the trusted in Messiah
I'm spending it to get higher
Earth, Wind, and Fire singing reasons why I'm
up early, trustworthy is a nine that bust early
Sunshine on my grill, I spill
Remi on imaginary graves, put my hat on my waves
Latter Day Saints say religious praise
I dolo, challenge any team or solo
You must be buggin out, new to my shit, home on a furlough
Ask around, who's laid up, sharp and straight up
Mafioso, gettin niggaz wigs sprayed up
Skies are misty, my life's predicted by a gypsy
I'll one day walk into shots drunk off champange from Sicily
This be the drama, I'ma pause like a comma
in a sentence, paragraph's indented
Bloodshot red eyes, high, yellow envelopes of lye
Openin cigars, let tobacco fly
Condos are tuneproof, we're looking out the sky's moonroof
Shittin like gin and prune juice
Yo the system wants the coon's noose, hang em high
Courtrooms filled up, it's off the hook while I
just wrote a statement, like I'm facing twenty years
in the basement - chilling on the via with Mumia
for wearin chrome - I told the judge snakes slither
like Sharon Stone, but like Capone I'm thrown (yo)

"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that"
"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that..
.. for, you wack MC's"
"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that"
"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that..
.. for, you wack MC's"

[Nas]
Lyrical, ly-lyrical mission..
Lyrical..
Yo the time is wastin, I use the mind elevation
Dime sack lacin, court pen pacin
Individual, lyrical math abrasion
Psychic evaluation, the foulest nation
We livin in, dangerous lives, mad leak and battered wives
A lifestyle where bad streets is patternized
Wise men build and destroy
While the real McCoy dopefiend, named Detroit is still dealin boy
Coke suppliers actin biased
Cause rumors say that niggaz wear wires and we liars
But every night the gat's fired, and every day a rat's hired
I still remain the mack flyest in the phat Kani, it's --
-- just the killer in me, slash drug dealer MC
Ex-slug filler, semi mug peeler
Demi, bottles of Mo', yo simply follow me flow
Put poetry inside a crack pot and blow
rough holes for cracked out pussies and buttholes
Bring the G's and the D's roll, they can't touch those
Why shoot the breeze about it, when you could be about it?
My degrees are routed, toward the peasy haired brick houses
instead of the fake medallions
Rich niggaz transport in thousands
Foreign cash exchange amountin to millions
Doors is locked, rocks is chopped, watch the cameras in the ceilings
Trick bitches catching mad feelings
Peelin off in the Lex Jeep, techniques is four-wheelin
I bet it be some shit when we connect with Stretch
When we catch them sex niggaz with the tecs you blessed, word
So now it's on, never wasted a slug,
Time is money when it comes to mine, take it in blood

"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that"
"I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that..
.. for, you wack MC's" (repeat in background to fade)

Yeah, Capone-N-Noreaga
Yeah, yo, offical Queensbridge murderers
Mobb Deep keep it real though
Motherfuckin AZ yo
'Mega, 'Mega, whatever
Scarlett O'Hara
Yo, Fox Boogie
East New York
Gambo, Brownsville
Wizard, Fort Rockaway
Big Jersey
Connecticut, D.C., Sudan
V.A. ?? N.C., L.A.
So on and so on...
Big Ha, Houston Fifth Ward
Black Ed, keep it real Moe..
[50 Cent]
Ya, let's take em back
Uh huh

Comin up I was confused my momma kissin a girl
Confusion occurs comin up in the cold world
Daddy ain't around probably out commitin felonies
My favorite rapper used to sing ch-check out my melody
I wanna live good, so shit I sell dope for a fo-finger ring
One of them gold ropes
NaNa told me if I pass could get a sheep skin coat
If I can move a few packs and get the hat, now that'd be dope
Tossed and turned in my sleep that night
Woke up the next morning niggas done stole my bike
Different day same shit, ain't nothing good in the hood
I'd run away from this bitch and never come back if I could

[Chorus (50 then Game):]
Hate it or love it the underdog's on top
And I'm gonna shine homie until my heart stop

Go head' envy me
I'm raps MVP
And I ain't goin nowhere so you can get to know me

Hate it or love it the underdog's on top
And I'm gonna shine homie until my heart stop

Go head' envy me
I'm raps MVP
And I ain't goin nowhere so you can get to know me

[Game]
On the grill of my lowrider
Guns on both sides right above the gold wires
I'll fo-five em
Kill a nigga on my song but really do it
Thats the true meaning of a ~ghostwriter~
10 g'z will take ya daughter out of Air Forces
Believe you me homie i know all bout losses
I'm from Compton where the wrong colors be cautious
One phone call will have ya body dumped in Marcy
I stay strapped like car seats
Been bangin since my lil nigga Rob got killed for his Barkley's
That's 10 years I told Pooh in 95' I'd kill you if you try me for my Air Max 95s
Told Banks when i met him imma ride
And if I gotta die rather homicide
I ain't have 50 Cent when my Grandmomma died
Now i'm goin back to Cali with my Jacob on
See how time fly?

[Chorus - 50 Cent]

From the beginnin to the end
Losers lose, winners win
This is real we ain't got to pretend
The cold world that we in
Is full of pressure and pain
Enough of me nigga now listen to Game

[Game]
Used to see 5-0 throw the crack by the bench
Now i'm fuckin with ~5-0~ it's all startin to make ~sense~
My moms happy she ain't gotta pay the rent
And she got a red bow on that brand new Benz
Waitin on Sha Money to land sittin in the Range
Thinkin how they spend 30 million dollars on airplanes
When there's kids starvin
Pac is gone and Brendas still throwin babies in the garbage
I wanna know what's goin on like i hear Marvin
No school books they use that wood to build coffins
Whenever I'm in the booth and i get exhausted
I think what if Marie Banker got that abortion
I love ya Ma'

[Chorus X2]
[Andre]
Yeah, this one right here goes out to all the baby's mamas' mamas...
Mamas' mamas, baby mamas' mamas
Yeah, go like this

Chorus:
I'm sorry Ms. Jackson (OOOH)
I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry Ms. Jackson (OOOH)
I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times

(Chorus)

[Big Boi]
My baby's drama mama's mama, don't like me
She doing things like havin' her boys come from her neighborhood
To the studio tryin' to fight me
She need to get a, piece of the american pie and take her bite out
That's my house, I disconnect the cable and turn the lights out
And let her know her grandchild is a baby, and not a paycheck
Private schools, daycare, shit, medical bills, I pay that
I love your mom and everything, see I ain't no one to lay down
She wanna rip you up start a custody war, my lawyer stay down
She never had a chance to hear my side of the story, we was divided
She had fish fries, cookouts, on my child's birthday I ain't invited
Despite it, I show her the utmost respect when I fall through
All you, do is defend that lady when I call you, yeah

(Chorus)

[Andre]
Me and yo daughter
Got a special thing going on
You say it's puppy love
We say it's full grown
Hope that we feel this
Feel this way forever
You can plan a pretty picnic
But you can't predict the weather, Ms. Jackson
Ten times out of nine, and if I'm lyin' find
The quickest muzzle throw it on my mouth and I'll decline
King meets queen, then the puppy love theme, together dream
Bout that crib with the goodyear swing
On the oak tree, I hope we feel like this forever
Forever, forever, ever, forever, ever
Forever never seems that long until your grown
And notice that the day by day rule can't be too long
Ms. Jackson my intentions were good I wish I could
Become a magician to abracadabra all the sadder
Thoughts of me, thoughts of she, thoughts of he
Askin' what happened to the feelin' that her and me
Had, I pray so much about it need some knee, pads
It happened for a reason one can't be, mad
So know this, know that everything is cool
And yes I will be present on the first day of school, and graduation

(Chorus)

[Big Boi]
Uh, uh, yeah "Look at the way he treats me," shit,
look at the way you treat me
See you and your lil' nosey ass homegirls got ya ass sent up the creek, G
Without a paddle, you left the straddlin', ride this thing on out
And you and your girl ain't speakin' no more cuz my dick all in her mouth
Know what I'm talking about, jealousy, infidelity, envy
Cheating, beating, and to the D and the G they be the same thing
So who you placing the blame on, you keep on singing that same song
Let bygones be bygones, you can go on and get the hell on
You and your mama

(Chorus)
You tell me that there's love here.
But to me it's blatant.
Nothin' but all the blood here.
I'm dealin with Satan.
Plus with all the hatin'
it's hard to keep peace. (uh huh)
Thou shall not steal,
but I will to eat.
I tried doin' good, but
good's not too good for me.
Misunderstood,
why you chose the hood for me.
Mean I'm aiight,
I just had to work hard at it.
Went to gran'ma for answers,
she told me that god had it.
So now here I am,
confused and full of questions.
Am I born to lose,
or is this just a lesson.
And who it's goin' choose
when it gets turned around.
And will it be
layin' in my own blood
and on the ground.

My child,
I've watched you grow up
and I've been there. (uh huh)
Even at those times
you least suspected it
I was there.
And look at what I've given you
a talent to rhyme.
I may not come when you call,
but I'm always on time.

Somebody's knockin'.
Should I let em in.
Lord we're just startin,
but where will it end.
Somebody's knockin'.
Should I let em in.
Lord we're just startin,
but where will it end.
But when the funds are low
the guns'll blow.
Lookin' for that one that owe,
make em run that dough.

No!
Put down the guns
and write a new rhyme.
You'll get it all in due time.
You'll do fine.
Just have faith
cuz you mine. (uh huh)
And when you shine
it's goin' be a sight to behold.
So don't fight to be old,
or lose sight when it's cold.
See that light down the road,
it's goin' guide you there
Two sets of footprints,
I was right beside you there.

But what about them times I
only saw one.
Those were the times that I was
under the gun,

It was then I carried you my son.
Led you to safety.
It just wasn't your time to face me. (uh huh)

Ayo a few of them times I thought you would erase me.
But all you did was embrace me.
Prepared me for the worst.
Offered me eternal light,
and scared me with the hearse.
And the curse
turned to grace.
When the hurt
turned to faith.
No more runnin', (uh huh)
and slidin' in the dirt
cuz I'm safe.

Somebody's knockin'.
Should I let em in.
Lord we're just startin,
but where will it end.
Somebody's knockin'.
Should I let em in.

So if I'm yo' man
I'm in yo' hand.
Wus yo' plan.
Never had a friend
cuz you couldn't trust your man.
Learned to stand before I crawled.
Things were twisted!
And if you showed me anything at all
then I missed it.
Looked the wrong way. (uh huh)
I've done some wrong things. (true)
Kept a bad attitude,
but that's what wrong brings.
And now you mean to tell me that
after all this time,
it was you that kept the dog from goin' out of his mind.
It was you that breathed life
into my lungs when I was born.
And it was you that let me know
what was right,
from what was wrong.
And it was you that let me do
what I knew what could be done.
And it was you that gave me a good wife
and a beautiful son.
And It's been you speakin' to me
inside my mind.
And it's been you who has forgiven
time after time.
It was you who opened my eyes
so I could see.
And it was you who shined yo'
light on me.
[Verse 1]
They was told not to ride in Patty's +Hearse+
and stay out of Charles' +Manson+
Took Abraham's +Lincoln+ through the Todd +Bridges+ espansion
Willis +Reid+s a map that marks the spot showin
On his left George +Burns+ a blunt William's holdin
Tara +Bank+ed the money that Chaka +Khan+ed the poor
Alicia +Key+ed his car for givin Melbourne +Moore+
For the Redd +Foxx+ who bought off the block, but though twice
As Debora +Cox+ the gun cuz she beat Kelly's +Price+
When Rosa +Park+ed the truck on the farm that Kim +Fields+
Linda +Tripp+ed for tryna to walk in Lauryn's +Hills+
Water dripped outta Farrah's +Fawcett+ in the glass
She was "Superfly", Curtis +Mayfield+ her ass
Chris +Tucker+ to a show, Ted +Turner+ to a hoe
Robert +Diggs+ the beat, but ain't feelin the flow
But he signed it fast, for half of Johnny's +Cash+
+Nia Long+ed for the album to drop, cameras flashed
Tom +Sawyer+ at the Lucielle +Ball+ up at the foyer
He confronted Richard +Pryor+ to hiring his lawyer
Suge's +Knight+ removed the rook off the board
Donna +King+ was checked and Al +Sharpton+ the sword

"Wettin cream, I aint wettin fame"
"Fame is the measure"
"Rap celebs"
"The place where stars are born"

[Verse 2]
The saints marched in, Kurtis +Blow+ing his horn
Tom +Cruise+d the boulevard, Chris +Rock+ed the song
For the hundredth time, they pressed rewind to the beginning
They toast to the rhyme, the juice spilt from John's +Lennon+
They took her to Elizabeth +Taylor+ to dry clean
The lone seamstress, who was schemin on Al's +Green+
You know they shoot for the stars and buckwild
Like the kids in the yard who play with +Jane's Child+
A beautician laced Erykah's +Badu+
Sean +Comb+ed through the evidence, just to get a clue
The needle in the haystack, from outta earth this kid
The Tiger +Wood+ kill him once thrown in Brad's +Pitt+
Jesse +Owen+ the money from the weed Bubba +Sparxxx+
They was journeys seen far as he walked in Dick's +Clark+
Jeffery +Lyons+ stuck with a thorn from George's +Bush+
Paul +Pierce+d in the heart as the crowd pushed
Acting alone... Drew +Barrymore+ bones
of the victims, three blocks from Jim's +Brownstone+
They shared the same bowl, he caught Natalie's +Cole+d
The producer, threw the butter on Esther's +Rolle+
Dempsey +Russel+ed him down, got his jaw wide
In a instant, Brooke +Shields+ him from the gunfire
Angie +Stone+d him to death, with those vocals
Keith +Sweat+ from the workout, just from runnin local

"With CREAM I ain't with the fame"
"Fame is the measure"
"Rap celebs"
"The place where stars are born"

[Verse 3]
Larry's +Bird+ flew outta Nicholas' +Cage+
Joe +Tex+ messages from Satchel's +Paige+
Betty +Wright+ letters with ink from Sean's +Penn+
Infinite bars, you couldn't tell where the song end
Glenn +Close+ enough to quickly duck the tapes
Richard +Gere+ ripped while he was climbin Bill +Gates+
He was a southerner, posing as a, native New Yorker
The Jason +Kidd+ took his first steps in Jimmy's +Walker+
He stayed on line chattin with rap celebs
Used Bernie's +Mack+ to search Veronica's +Webb+
It cost them their life for the advice you gave
Now Pete +Rose+ lay on Vanessa's +Redgrave+

"With CREAM I ain't with the fame"
"Fame is the measure"
"Rap celebs"
"The place where stars are born"
"With CREAM I ain't with the fame"
"Fame is the measure"
"Rap celebs"
"The place where stars are born"
"Yo' Vanilla kick it one time boooy

Oh yeah, gotta gotta yep yep

Lay down the boogie and play that funky music 'till ya' die

Check it out, 'cause Ice is rhyming
To the top I keep on climbing
Suckas', thought I couldn't swing this
Now rock the crowd and get a pump-fist
Go Ice, everybody is sayin'
To the funky beat that's playing
If you wanna' stop me you can't hang
Vanilla is in this with a shotgun bang
Extreme is where im taking it
One week MC's just keep on faking it
Smoooth, like Strawberry ice cream
Flow with the beat real smooth and nicely
Ladies, I wanna' rock with you
And Later in the night, you know I'd like to persue
Somthing, real sexy and nice

Play that funky music Vanilla Ice!

CHORUS:
Play that funky music
Play that funky music riiight-Pump it up!
Play that funky music riiight-I can't hear you!
Lay down the boogie and play that funky music 'till you die
CHORUS

Some people thought I wouldn't break
Then I stuffed number one in their face
Never, forget where I came from
Don't lose your head, heh, 'cause you can get dumb
Do it, is my motto for the moment
Get in my way, I'll knock you out like my opponent
Cause' in this life it's one for all
All for one and a loud no downfall
Punks, always wanna' get some
Pick-Pockets and then they try to play dumb
Yo', take it From the Ice man
Lyrical Poet with a master plan
Telling you how it is in show biz
A white rapper with some street knowledge
I write the rhyme for you, Yeeeah
Drop this one for the V.I.P. Crew

CHORUS

Vanilla Ice, Yep Yep, I come in hard like a rhino
Intoxicate you so you staggle like whino
So stop trying, Girl stop crying
Vanilla Ice is selling and you people are buying
It's not me, it's my possie, Too
That's why you freaks are talking like Crazy Glue
Movin', and Groovin' trying to sing along
All through Ghetto to prove this here song
Now your amazed, by the V.I.P possie
Stepin' so hard like a German Nazi
Startled by the vases hittin' the ground
There no trip in the mind because im gettin' down
Stalk-o-Matic i'm hangin' top like a fanatic
You taught me words, and I thought you might have it
So sit down and lend me your ear
'Cause 1990 is my year, baby

CHORUS

Your wreakin' vast, NO!, and I can tell it
Your body's gettin' hot, SO?, so I can smell it
So don't be mad, and don't be sad
'Cause your lyrics brung the Ice(SSS)
You can call me Dad
Your pitchin' a fit, so step back and endure
Witch doctor Ice(SSS) will do the dance to cure
Come up close, uh, and don't be square
You wanna' battle me? Anytime, Anywhere
You thought that I was weak
Boy, your dead wrong
Come on everybody, let's sing this song
Say, Play that funky music
-Play that funky music
Say, Go white boy, Go white boy, Go
-Go white boy, Go white boy, Go
Just lay down and boogie, and play that funky music till' you die

CHORUS

Pump it Up!
Uh
Ah
That's right baby."
Eye-Kyu: Check it out,
Eminem: Hey Kyu!

Eye-Kyu:
Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

Verse 1: Eminem
One day I plan to be a family man happily married
I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried
Till I'm glad to be buried
And leave this crazy world
And have at least a half a million for my baby girl
It may be early to be planning this stuff
Cause I'm still struggling hard to be the man, and it's tough
Cause man it's been rough, but still I manage enough
I've been taken advantage of, damaged and scuffed
My hands have been cuffed
But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff
Or plan to give up, the minute shit hits the fan it erupts
I'm anteing up double or nothing, I've been trouble enough
And I'm sick of struggling and suffering, see
My destiny's to rest at ease, till I'm impressed and pleased
With my progress, I won't settle for less than cheese
I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call
Way before my baby is able to crawl
I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates
To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades
I seen the golden gates to heaven on Earth
Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you stepping on turf, Q

Eye-Kyu:
Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

Verse 2: Eminem
I'm going for broke, gambling and playing for keeps
Everyday in the streets, scrambling and paying for cheep
Praying for sleep
Dreaming with a watering mouth
Wishing for a better life for my daughter and spouse
In this slaughtering house, caught up in bouts
With the root of all evil
I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful
And make them do shit illegal
For these Grant's and Jackson's
These transactions explain a man's actions
But in the mist of this insanity, I found my Christianity
Through God and there's a wish he granted me
He showed me how to cope with the stress
And hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed
Always groping a mess, of flying over the nest
To selling dope with the rest
I quit smoking cess to open my chest
Life is stressful inside this cesspool
Trying to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel
My little brother's trying to learn his mathematics
He's asthmatic, running home from school away from crack addicts
Kids attract static, children with automatics
Taking target practice on teens for Starter Jackets
I'm using smarter tactics to overcome this slum
I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum
It's cumbersome, I'm trying to do well on this Earth
But it's been Hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth

Eye-Kyu:
Chorus: It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is ok (It's ok)
I'm up all night, but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretending I belong here (Belong here)

Uh, it's ok, yeah it's alright, even though I can't sleep
Uh yeah, it's ok, it's alright, I can't sleep
How long will they mourn me
Yeah! This for my nigga Kato
It's still on nigga
Thug Life, Thugs for life
Ha Ha yeah, how long will they mourn me
Yeah nigga
2Pac in this muthafucka

(Tupac)

All my homies drinking liquor
Tears in everybody's eyes
Niggas cried to mourn a homies homicide
But I can't cry
instead I'm just a shoulder
Damn, why they take another soldier
I load my clip before my eyes blurry, don't worry
I'll get them suckas back before your buried (shit)
Retaliate and pull a 187
do real niggas get to go to heaven ?
How long will they mourn me, bury me a muthafuckin 'G'
Bitch don't wanna die
then don't fuck with me
It's kinda hard to be optimistic
When your homies lying dead on the pavement twisted
Y'all don't hear me though, I'm trying hard to make amends
But I'm losing all my muthafuckin friends (damn)
They should've shot me when I was born
Now I'm trapped in the muthafuckin' storm
How long will they mourn me ?

(Chorus)

I wish it would have been another
How long will they mourn me
How long will they mourn my brother
(Got them niggas all dead and shit)
How long will they mourn me
I wish it would have been another
(Nate Dogg)
How long will they mourn me
How long will they mourn my brother
(Gotta keep this shit goin' on, Yo Syke)

(Syke)

How long will they mourn me
Every muthafuckin' day homie
You stayed down when tha other niggas didn't know me
From my heart to the trigga you my fuckin' nigga
And things won't be the same without ya nigga
I remember kickin' back, you wanted to lack
And goin' half on a muthafuckin' hundred sack
Smokin' blunt after blunt and steady drinkin'
Hung around so much, you knew what I was thinkin'
Tell me Lord, why you take big Kato ?
So confused not knowing which way to go
I'm goin crazy and runnin' out of fuckin' time
I can't take it, I'm losin' my fuckin' mind
So day after day
ride after ride
We'll hook up on the other side
Watch over your family and your newborn
Till we meet again homie
How long will they mourn me ?

(Chorus)

I wish it would have been another
(Yo Kato)
How long will they mourn me
(It's still on nigga)
How long will they mourn my brother
How long will they mourn me
I wish it would have been another
(Yeah)
How long will they mourn me
How long will they mourn my brother
(Rated R, Double Jeopardy, Mack 10)

(Rated R)

Damn a nigga tired of feeling sad
I'm tired of putting in work
I'm tired of cryin while watching my homies leave the earth
I know soon one day I'll be in the dirt
And my peoples'll be mournin'
When they get a call from the coroner
All niggas can say is that's fucked up
And get tossed up
Reminiscing how we grew up (my nigga)
Rest and love to my nigga Kato
See you in the crossroads real soon
For now let me pour out some brew
I'll be always thinkin' of ya homie
Rest in peace
How long will they mourn me ?

()

Ya know life's a fuckin' trip
And everybody gotta go
But why the fuck it have to be my nigga Kato
Another nigga fell victim to the chrome
It's enough to make you crazy
It's fuckin' with my dome
Ya only live once on this earth
A nigga had it bad, since the day of my mutahfuckin' birth
But niggas say they down and they always be my homie
But when a nigga gone
How long will ya mourn me ?

(Chorus)

Yeah!
I wish it would have been another
(Mack 10 in this muthafucka)
Yeah, how long will ya mourn me
How long will ya mourn my bother
(Thug Life boy, Nate blowin' that shit,
Nate Dogg do that shit nigga)
I wish it would have been another
Yeah! How long will ya mourn me
How long will ya mourn my brother
(This for my nigga Kato and all his kids)
How long will ya mourn me
I wish it would have been another
How long will ya mourn my brother
[Q] Back in the days on the boulevard of Linden
We used to kick routines and presence was fittin
It was I, The Abstract
[P] And me the five footer
I kicks the mad style so step off the frankfurter
[Q] Yo, Phife, you remember that routine
that we used to make spiffy like Mr. Clean?
[P] Um um, a tidbit, um, a smidgen
I don't get the message so you gots to run the pigeon
[Q] You on point Phife?
[P] All the time, Tip
[Q] You on point Phife?
[P] All the time, Tip
[Q] You on point Phife?
[P] All the time, Tip
[Q] Well, then grab the microphone and let your words rip

[Phife Dawg]
Now here's a funky introduction of how nice I am
Tell your mother, tell your father, send a telegram
I'm like an energizer 'cause, you see, I last long
My crew is never ever wack because we stand strong
Now if you say my style is wack that's where you're dead wrong
I slayed that body in El Segundo then +Push it Along+
You'd be a fool to reply that Phife is not the man
'cause you know and I know that you know who I am
A special shot of peace goes out to all my pals, you see
And a middle finger goes for all you punk MC's
'Cause I love it when you wack MC's despise me
They get vexed, I roll next, can't none contest me
I'm just a fly MC who's five foot three and very brave
On job remaining, no I'm chaining cause I misbehave
I come correct in full effect have all my hoes in check
And before I get the butt the jim must be erect
You see, my aura's positive I don't promote no junk
See, I'm far from a bully and I ain't a punk
Extremity in rhythm, yeah that's what you heard
So just clean out your ears and just check the word

[Q] Check the rhyme y'all
Check the rhyme y'all
Check the rhyme y'all
Check the rhyme y'all
Check the rhyme y'all
Check the rhyme y'all
Check it out
Check it out
Check the rhyme y'all
Check the rhyme y'all
Check the rhyme y'all
Play tapes y'all
Check the rhyme y'all
Check the rhyme y'all
Check it out
Check it out

[P] Back in days on the boulevard of Linden
We used to kick routines and the presence was fittin
It was I the Phifer
[Q] And me The Abstract
The rhymes were so rumpin' that the brothers rode the 'zack
[P] Yo Tip you recall when we used to rock
those fly routines on your cousin's block
[Q] Um, let me see, damn I can't remember
I receive the message and you will play the sender
[P] You on point Tip?
[Q] All the time Phife
[P] You on point Tip?
[Q] Yeah, all the time Phife
[P] You on point Tip?
[Q] Yo, all the time Phife
[P] So play the resurrector and give the dead some life

[Q-Tip]
Okay, if knowledge is the key then just show me the lock
Got the scrawny legs but I move just like Lou Brock
With speed. I'm agile plus I'm worth your while
One hundred percent intelligent black child
My optic presentation sizzles the retina
How far must I go to gain respect? Um
Well, it's kind of simple, just remain your own
Or you'll be crazy sad and alone
Industry rule number four thousand and eighty,
record company people are shady
So kids watch your back 'cause I think they smoke crack,
I don't doubt it. Look at how they act
Off to better things like a hip-hop forum
Pass me the rock and I'll storm with the crew and ..
Proper. What you say Hammer? Proper
Rap is not pop, if you call it that then stop

NC, y'all check the rhyme y'all
SC, y'all check it out y'all
Virginia, check the rhyme y'all
Check it out. Out
In London, check the rhyme, y'all
[Jay-Z]
Uh, uhh, listen
First the Fat Boys break up, now every day I wake up
Somebody got a problem with Hov'
Whassup y'all niggaz all fed up cause I got a little cheddar
and my records movin out the sto'?
Young fucks spittin at me, young rappers gettin at me
My nigga Big predicted the shit exactly
"Mo' Money, Mo' Problems" - gotta move carefully
Cause faggots hate when you gettin money like athletes
Yung'uns ice-grillin me, ohh - you not feelin me?
Fine; it cost you nothin - pay me no mind
Look, I'm on my grind cousin, ain't got time for frontin
Sensitive thugs, y'all all need hugs
Damn though mans I'm just tryin do me
If the record's two mill' I'm just tryin move three
Get a couple of chicks, get 'em to try to do E
Hopefully they'll menage before I reach my garage
I don't want much, fuck I drove every car
Some nice cooked food, some nice clean drawers
Bird-ass niggaz I don't mean to ruffle y'all
I know you waitin in the wing but I'm doin my thing
Where's the love?

"Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.."
I said where's the love?
"Ain't no love, in the heart of town.."
Yeah..

And then the Fugees gon' break up, now everyday I wake up
Somebody got somethin to say
What's all the fuckin fussin for? Because I'm grubbin more
and I pack heat like I'm the oven door?
Niggaz pray and pray on my downfall
But everytime I hit the ground I bounce up like roundball
Now I don't wanna have to kill sound bar
Don't wanna have to cock back the four pound bar
Look scrapper I got nephews to look after
I'm not lookin at you dudes, I'm lookin past ya
I thought I told you characters I'm not a rapper
Can I live? I told you in ninety-six
that I came to take this shit and I did, handle my biz
I scramble like Randall with his
Cunning-ham but the only thing runnin is numbers fam
Jigga held you down six summers; damn, where's the love?

"Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.."
Niggaz, where's the love?
"Ain't no love, in the heart of town.."
Holla at me!!
"Ain't no love" (take 'em to church) "in the heart of the city.."
Uh, uh, uh - my nigga where's the love?
"Ain't no love, in the heart of town.."
Fuck
Then Richard Pryor go and burn up, and Ike and Tina Turner break up
Then I wake up to more bullshit
You knew me before records, you never disrespected me
Now that I'm successful you'll pull this shit
Nigga I'll step on your porch, step to your boss
Let's end the speculation, I'm talkin to alla y'all
Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait
Whatchu mad cause you push dimes and he sell weight?
Y'all don't know my expenses, I gotta buy a bigger place
Hehehe, and more baggies, why you all aggie?
Nigga respect the game, that should be it
What you eat don't make me shit - where's the love?

Where's the love?

"Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.."
"Ain't no love, in the heart of town.."
"Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.."
"Ain't no love, in the heart of town.."
"Ain't no love, in the heart of the city.."
"Ain't no love, in the heart of town.."

"Ain't no love.."
I guess it's
Not fair
For me to
Not care
But I don't
And that's why
You think I'm
A great guy

But I want you
And you want me too
And you need this
Wanna give it to you-ooh
And I thought this time I'd say something new

(Alright, yeah!)

I'll call you
I swear
So next time
Be there
Can't keep up
No more
Should quit but
What for?

'Cause I want you
And you want me too
And you need this,
Wanna give it to you-ooh
And I thought this time I'd feel something new

It's not cruel,
I do like you
And I want you to feel
That I do-doo
Doo-doo
La-da
Ba-da
Ba-da
Baa...ah-haa...
Wow!

Well I want you
And you want me too
And you need this
Wanna give it to you-ooh
And I thought this time I'd be someone true

Yeah I want you
And you want me too
And you need this
Wanna give it to you
And I thought this time I'd say something new
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.
I don't want to be treated this away.

Goin' where the water tastes like wine.
Goin' where the water tastes like wine.
Goin' where the water tastes like wine.
I don't want to be treated this away.

Goin' down the road feelin' bad.
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.
I don't want to be treated this away.

Goin' where the climate suits my clothes.
Goin' where the climate suits my clothes.
Goin' where the climate suits my clothes.
I don't want to be treated this away.

Goin' down the road feelin' bad.
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.
Goin' down the road feelin' bad.
I don't want to be treated this away.

Goin' where the chilly winds don't blow.
Goin' where the chilly winds don't blow.
Goin' where those chilly winds don't blow.
I don't want to be treated this away.
[Big Boi]
Yea..
Somebody hit me the other day for a rendezvous
Was it the bitch that fucked the Goodie and the Dungeon Crew
Let's say her name was Suzy Skrew cause she SCREWED a lot
Makin a nigga hit that chonk at legitimate spots
Not no parks backseats or things of that nature
Had to hate ya playa I'm dickin the hoe down never said I paid her
Straight laid her slayed the bitch like Darth Daver, made her
From College Park and Fayette, all the way down to Decatur
Like Jada, her wig was sharp and sporty, that was shorty
Safe as a snake on eggs in a Beamer eight-hundred-forty
It's foggy, I went to the crib to call her but she lost me
My baby mamma beeped seven o'clock it's gonna cost me
but I still wanna cut her though, maybe she had to work
I caught her in the mall, wearin a real tight skirt
She was, fine as FUCK, I wanted to sex the hoe up
She said, "Let's hit the parking lot so I can sick your duck"
I said, "Cool, I really wanted to cut you but this'll do.
I gotta pick up my daughter plus my baby mamma beeped me too."
She said she understood then everything was kosher
I gave her a Lil' Will CD, and a fuckin poster
It's like that now
It's like that now, you better go on
and get, the hump, up out your back now
It's about four, or five, cats
off in my 'Llac now
We just, shoot, game in the
form of story rap now (yeah)
It's like that now, it's like that now
[Andre Benjamin]
Now Suzy Skrew had a partna named Sasha (Sasha), Thumper (Thumper)
I remember her number like the summer
when her and Suzy yeah they threw a slumber - - party
but you can not call it that cause it was slummer
Well it was more like spend the night
Three in the morning yawnin dancin under street lights
We chillin like a villain and a nigga feelin right
in the middle of the ghetto on the curb, but in spite
all of the bullshit we on our back starin at the stars above
(aww man) Talkin bout what we gonna be when we grow up
I said what you wanna be, she said, "Alive" (hmm)
It made me think for a minute, then looked in her eyes
I coulda died, time went on, I got grown
Rhyme got strong, mind got blown, I came back home
to find lil Sasha was gone
Her mamma said she with a nigga that be treatin her wrong
I kept on singin my song and hopin at a show
that I would one day see her standin in the front row
But two weeks later she got found in the back of a school
With a needle in her arm, baby two months due, Sasha Thumper
It's like that now, you better go on
and get, the hump, up out your back now
It's about four, or five, cats
off in my 'Llac now
We just, shoot, game in the
form of story rap now (yeah)
It's like that now, it's like that now
It's like that now, you better go on
and get, the hump, up out your back now
It's about four, or five, cats
off in my 'Llac now
We just, shoot, game in the
form of story rap now (yeah)
It's like that now, it's like that now
[scratched samples]
&amp;quot;You can't hide, you can't run&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;Remember to, always be true, no matter what you do&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;Run it, I never fronted, I got my whole crew life on it&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;Think sharp&amp;quot; &amp;quot;Man listen&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;You can't hide, you can't run&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;Remember to, always be true, no matter what you do&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;Run it, I never fronted, I got my whole crew life on it&amp;quot;

[Chorus]
Any day your last day might come (so)
You can't hide, you can't run
Late night or in the shadows when the daylight comes remember
&amp;quot;You can't hide, you can't run&amp;quot; &amp;quot;Man listen&amp;quot;
Any day your last day might come (so)
You can't hide, you can't run
From the truth, we know each and every day fights come, remember
&amp;quot;You can't hide, you can't run&amp;quot;

[Rakaa Iriscience]
It's like it's &amp;quot;Final Destination,&amp;quot; you tryin your best to make it
They say be patient but you know you're cheatin Death, it's chasin
Heart beatin, pulse racin, but I keep the pace and
train to be the best and beat the best by the Gracie
Grappler spectacular rapper sport of altercation
In self-defense we hem 'em up, a tailored alteration
We're firestarters, leavin stages up in flames
Then again we're firefighters, sprayin at whatever's blazin
Crazy ways to express and pass information
Daily makin the best of bad situations
We fight to win in whatever type of test we're facin
Hip-Hop came while they were underestimatin
Amazing grace how sweet the sound, that's what I was raised in
But then the crack and gangs flourished under Ronald Reagan
Life insurance for kids, undertakers waitin
Earth is purgatory, here between the pearly gates and Satan

[Chorus]

[Evidence]
Yeah (&amp;quot;man listen&amp;quot;) I stay relevant
Only person I stand in the shadow of is Evidence
Last page, I left off a good look
This ain't the next chapter, it's a whole new book
About to steal the game, I'm a whole new crook
Bakin up that fire, I'm a whole new cook
Get your whole shit took, Cali's back under the sun
So - you can't hide, and you can't run
From the truth, some ain't convinced so they decide to try me
Like I give a fuck, we live from India Arie
They got spies in cameras and trailers
We see 'em settin up though we on counter-surveillance
On to me, I'm on to you, it's no mystery
Better think fast though, the future just your history
It's where the plot thickens, regardless of wealth
Cause the worst person to run from's yourself

[Chorus]

[various scratches from the intro ad libbed to fade]
[speaking softly, gradually getting louder]
One time.. yeah.. yeah..

Yo, all I need is one mic, one beat, one stage
One nigga front, my face on the front page
Only if I had one gun, one girl and one crib
One God to show me how to do things his son did
Pure, like a cup of virgin blood; mixed with
151, one sipll make a nigga flip
Writin names on my hollow tips, plottin shit
Mad violence who Im gon body, this hood politics
Ackowledge it, leave bodies chopped in garbages
Seeds watch us, grow up and try to follow us
Police watch us {*siren*} roll up and try knockin us
One knee I ducked, could it be my time is up
But my luck, I got up, the cop shot again
Bus stop glass bursts, a fiend drops his heineken
Richochetin between the spots that Im hidin in
Blackin out as I shoot back, fuck gettin hit! [more sirens]
This is my hood ima rep, to the death of it
til everybody come home, little niggaz is grown
Hoodrats, dont abortion your womb, we need more warriors soon
Sip from the star sun and the moon
In this life of police chases street sweepers and coppers
Stick-up kids with no conscience, leavin victims with doctors
If you really think you ready to die, with nines out
This is what nas is bout, nigga the time is now!

[whispering again]
Yo, all I need is one mic..
All I need is one mic.. thats all I need
All I need is one mic.. all I need niggaz
All I need is one mic.. yeah

[gradually getting louder]
All I need is one blunt, one page, and one pen
One prayer - tell God forgive for one sin
Matter fact maybe more than one, look back
At all the hatred against me, fuck alla them
Jesus died at age 33, theres thirty-three shots
From twin glocks theres sixteen apiece, thats thirty-two
Which means, one of my guns was holdin 17
Twenty-seven hit your crew, six went into you
Everybody gotta die sometime; hope your funeral
Never gets shot up, bullets tear through the innocent
Nothin is fair, niggaz roll up, shootin from wheelchairs
My heart is racin, tastin revenge in the air
I let the shit slide for too many years, too many times
Now Im strapped with a couple of macs, too many nines
If yall niggaz really wit me get busy load up the semis
Do more than just hold it explode the clip until you empty
Theres nothin in our way - they bust, we bust, they rust, we rust
Led flyin, feel it? I feel it in my gut
That we take these bitches to war, lie em down
Cause we stronger now my nigga the time is now!!

[whispering again]
All I need is one mic.. thats all I need, thats all I need
All I need is one mic.. theres nuttin else in the world
All I need is one mic.. thats all a nigga need to do his thing yknow
All I need is one mic..

[starting loud this time, getting quieter]
All I need is one life, one try, one breath Im one man
What I stand for speaks for itself, they dont understand
Or wanna see me on top, too egotistical
Talkin all that slick shit, the same way these bitches do
Wonder what my secrets is, niggazll move on you
Only if they know, what your weakness is I have none
Too late to grab guns Im blastin cause Im a cool nigga
Thought I wouldnt have that ass done? fooled you niggaz
What you call a infinite brawl, eternal souls clashin
War gets deep, some beef is everlastin
Complete with thick scars, brothers knifin each other
Up in prison yards, drama, where does it start?
You know the block was ill as a youngster
Every night it was like a, cop would get killed body found in the dumpster
For real a hustler, purchased my range, niggaz throwin dirt on my name
Jealous cause fiends got they work and complain
Bitches left me cause they thought I was finished
Shoulda knew she wasnt true she came to me when her man caught a sentence
Diamonds are blindin, I never make the same mistakes
Movin with a change of pace, lighter load, see now the king is straight
Swellin my melon cause none of these niggaz real
Heard he was, tellin police, how can a kingpin squeal?
This is crazy, Im on the right track Im finally found
You need some soul searchin, the time is now

All I need is one mic.. yeah, yeah yeah yeah
All I need is one mic.. thats all I ever needed in this world, fuck cash
All I need is one mic.. fuck the cars, the jewelry
All I need is one mic.. to spread my voice to the whole world
Ooh!

Yeah yeah!

Alright, baby!

Everybody's got it,
They're all trying to feel it.
Everybody's dancing and singing romance
And they want to feel more, baby.

Baby, I've got to feel you more
Hey come on, feeling good, baby, baby,
Come on and do it, come on, come on,
Come on try it with me, try it with me, baby.

Oh, whoa, whoa, mama, mama, mama,
Oh, whoa, alright, come on, feel it!
Oh, whoa, waaaah!!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,

Yeah, we're gonna knock ya, rock ya,
Gonna sock at ya now. Huh!

Alright! Alright, alright!

Hey baby!
Everybody over at the Avalon Ballroom in the San Francisco bay
Everybody have-have-have have a lot of fun, I know!
I can tell you they're feeling good
I know, gotta try the feeling baby
Gotta try the feeling, gotta...

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, oh!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, yeah.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Yeah, we're gonna knock ya, rock ya,
Gonna sock at ya now.

Hey!
Ooh!

Don't matter who you are, no, no,
Don't matter where you come from
You just gotta try to feel it
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon.

Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah,
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah. Ready!

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, come on, boys!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, yeah.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Whoaah!!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Yeah, we're gonna knock ya, rock ya,
Gonna sock at ya now.

Do do do do do do do do do do do do do.
Verse 1

When I look you in your eyes I can see my own
Straight love manifested in flesh and bone
You's a breath of fresh air in this world of shit
You was born to be a soldier don't ever forget
Hit back when hit
Use force that's effective
All these bitches and women
Son, please be selective
This is California can't stick your dick in everything
We will survive necessarily by any means
Let no man ever hold you down or supress you
It's the 90's the police just arrest you,
disrespect you on occasion take life
By the time you come of age they'll probably blast on sight
It's a shame they protect them but try to serve us
When your neck is on the line stand ground then bust
In God we trust but just incase keep it loaded and locked
Ready to rock
Then shake the spot
The Foundation

Verse 2

You came from a long line of killers and drug dealers
Who forever smoke bud
So it's probably in your blood
Realize you can only run the streets so long
Then the streets run you into the ground then gone
It's kinda ruff trying to teach you what's right from wrong
Same shit different day
It's the same ol' song
If the time ever comes that I meet my match
Take control of my assets
Fuck startin' from scratch
Take care of your mother
Keep yourself on track
Just cause niggas get behind you don't mean they got your back
Beware of the serpent
Cause there's a time in life the mothafucker will strike
And try to make you loose sight
Don't be a fake mothafucker tryin' to keep shit real
Fill cassettes with idle threats with no guts to kill
Son if you ever pull heat
Then use it
If you got a chance to walk away
Then do it
Total domination takes full concentration in all situations
A solid foundation

Verse 3

You are the foundation
Begining of a new generation
I remember hospital hallway pacin'
I was anxious as fuck to see your face shine
Only to find that yours looked like mine
So it's like I'm livin' twice at the exact same time
In this life you can't press stop
Then press rewind
Gotta live to the fullest never follow behind no man
Have your own plan, expand your mind
Ain't no paper thin game to raise wannabe thugs
This is nothing but love
Via sattelite Muggs
Take heed when it's your turn to bring new life
Make sure it's the woman you gonna make your wife
Be prepared for the worst
But expect the best
No matter where life takes you
Come home to the West
Survival takes more than just gats and guns
That's words to live by
From a father to a son
Foundation
(Steele)
I walk around Town with my pound strapped down to my side
No frontin' just in case I gotta smoke some
Around here Headz don't act their age
Ya might be another dead Boy on the front page
Enter the cipher... withcha lighter
El's are ready prepare to run another allnighter
But keep watch for the Cops cuz they rock glocks
Comin' on the Block tryin' to rock knots
Pigs be actin' like they bigga than us Niggaz from da Streets
cuz we stalk mad deep when they walk beats
I guess they hold a grudge cuz I won't budge
Playin' tough, starin' down da Judge with my hands cuffed
Standing there with my nappy hair and my dirty gear, awww yeah
Now I'm up outta here
Pigs look me up and down with a frown
Is it cuz I'm brown or is it I'm from Bucktown?

[Hook]
BUCKTOWN!!! Home Of Da Originoo Gunn Clapperz! (x8)

(Tek)
Got five MC's that wanna come test we
Got ya nooses hangin' ovea da trees
Bring on your sounds Kid, drown by my massive
Kill your body Boy and take your lover for hostage.
Knock knock, maybe not the fourshots empty
On the violator that was sent out to get me
I'm tore up from the floor up and everything's black
But still I'm on point ready to buck, ain't nothin' sweet Jack
Bucktown, I represent it on the love love
Deeply rooted from my Tims to by dick above
Don't sweat the buldge comin' from my hip
Grip what ya did hit when I let my tool click
Nowhere to run, ambush lurks in the dark
Heltah Skeltah smirks while you're gettin torn apart
Here come the Rude Boys with the ganja plants
Smif-N-Wesson and I roll with the Boot Camp

[Hook]
BUCKTOWN!!! Home Of Da Originoo Gunn Clapperz! (7x)
Home Of Da Originoo...
Home Of Da Originoo...
BUCKTOWN!!! Home Of Da Originoo Gunn Clapperz!



(Tek)
Another murderer, just another prankster
Rude Boy dead 'cause he thought he was a Gangstea
Tried ta live da life of a hood from the streets
Test da wrong Dread, now I'm in eternal sleep
Mr. Ripper I lurk in da Stuy
Twist da ganja 'cause I want ta get high
with my Breaddren, a boodah session
learn ya lesson
or get blasted by Mr. Smif or Mr. Wessun

(Steele)
Bucktown's everywhere I swear
It's clear to me
You feel the weed, now I really see
Night falls around the way
Originoo heads come out to play
Puff herb, break day
It's just a regular, everyday state of being I
Mind holds the weight, rhymes free the mind in time
I find reality follows me where I roam
360 degrees back home in...

[Hook]
BUCKTOWN!!! Home Of Da Originoo Gunn Clapperz! (8x
Intro:
Yes,
1996, Disfunctional member of the Alkohaliks family
It's XZIBIT, Bring it live, one time, like this

Sometimes I wonder if it's all worth my while
Xzibit stay versitile
with Million Dollar lifestyle
and I could feel it as a child growin' up
the niggaz that was real and the niggaz that was scared as fuck
that's why Xzibit only roll with a chosen few
You ain't really real, I can tell when I look at you
So ease off the trigga talk, you ain't killin shit
it's not affecting me or the niggaz that I'm chillin with
I don't believe the hype or buy a Woof tickets
Nigga you make a gang of noise and never sing like a cricket
I guess that's why we never kick it
a lot of niggaz are soft and get tossed tryin to fuck with the liquid
How many niggaz do you know like this?
Always claimin that they're riding but they really turn bitch
It don't make sense
Either you're a soldier from the start
or an actor with a record deal tryin to play the part
like that

It's a shame
niggaz in the rap game
only for the money and the fame
EXTRA LARGE
It's a shame
niggaz in the rap game
only for the money and the fame
Paparazzi (2x)

I don't need no lights no cameras
Just action god dammit
never no superstar, im more like a planet
so my composure is kept while others start to sweat
Emergin from the fog with my fucked up dialogue
try to live high on the hog leaves you bankrupt
and niggaz you spent it on, would not give a fuck
now that's deep, how deep, It's deeper than Atlantis
Home of the scandalous
Big Bad Los Angeles
Dangerous, Vandelous
Yo, not to be trusted
so how the fuck is you hard
not being scared by the boulevard
I'm pulling that card and sayin Gin motherfucker
flowin like liquid, soak it in motherfucker
I'm breakin it down, my sound surrounds like death
from the West
puttin whole counties to the test
it's all in perspective
Break a one-nine copy
this is for the niggaz gettin caught up in the Paparazzi

It's a shame
niggaz in the rap game
only for the money and the fame
EXTRA LARGE
It's a shame
niggaz in the rap game
only for the money and the fame
Paparazzi (2x)

Niggaz smoke stress and cross dress
but i just played it back
others going through schemes and pipe dreams
for a contract
real tightly rolled, fuck 'em all how I feel
I made a cool half mil
before I had a record deal
therefore you look and stare like it's magic
but too much of anything can make you a addict
when devils be startin static, bring out the automatic
I set it off straight, I spread hate, then I vacate, but wait
who dare to cross this path
yo, i'll do ya like math
cut with glass, make a blood bath
so on behalf of all niggaz I get drunk with
smoke them blunts with
I dispose of your punk shit
keep it all in perspective
Carbon Copies gettin caught up in the Paparazzi
Once again, Its the liquidation crew, and we return for you
like this

It's a shame
niggaz in the rap game
only for the money and the fame
EXTRA LARGE
It's a shame
niggaz in the rap game
only for the money and the fame
Paparazzi (2x)
Change, shit
I guess change is good for any of us
Whatever it take for any of y'all niggaz to get up out the hood
Shit, I'm wit cha, I ain't mad at cha
Got nuttin but love for ya, do your thing boy

Yeah, all the homies that I ain't talk to in a while
I'ma send this one out for y'all, nahmean?
Cause I ain't mad at cha
Heard y'all tearin up shit out there, kickin up dust
[Danny Boy] I ain't...
Givin a motherfucker, heheheheheh
Yeah, niggaz
[Danny Boy] ...mad at cha
Cause I ain't mad at cha

Verse One: 2Pac

Now we was once two niggaz of the same kind
Quick to holla at a hoochie with the same line
You was just a little smaller but you still roll
Got stretched to Y.A. and hit the hood swoll
Member when you had a jheri curl didn't quite learn
On the block, witcha glock, trippin off sherm
Collect calls to the till, sayin how ya changed
Oh you a Muslim now, no more dope game
Heard you might be comin home, just got bail
Wanna go to the Mosque, don't wanna chase tail
I seems I lost my little homie he's a changed man
Hit the pen and now no sinnin is the game plan
When I talk about money all you see is the struggle
When I tell you I'm livin large you tell me it's trouble
Congratulation on the weddin, I hope your wife know
She got a playa for life, and that's no bullshitin
I know we grew apart, you probably don't remember
I used to fiend for your sister, but never went up in her
And I can see us after school, we'd BOMB
on the first motherfucker with the wrong shit on
Now the whole shit's changed, and we don't even kick it
Got a big money scheme, and you ain't even with it
Hmm, knew in my heart you was the same motherfucker bad
Go toe to toe when it's time for roll you got a brother's back
And I can't even trip, cause I'm just laughin at cha
You tryin hard to maintain, then go head
cause I ain't mad at cha
(Hmm, I ain't mad at cha)

Chorus: Danny Boy

I ain't, mad, at cha (2Pac: I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad, at cha

Verse Two: 2Pac

We used to be like distant cousins, fightin, playin dozens
Whole neighborhood buzzin, knowin, that we wasn't
Used to catch us on the roof or behind the stairs
I'm gettin blitzed and I reminsce on all the times we shared
Besides bumpin n grindin wasn't nothin on our mind
In time we learned to live a life of crime
Rewind us back, to a time was much too young to know
I caught a felony lovin the way the guns blow
And even though we seperated, you said that you'd wait
Don't give nobody no coochie while I be locked up state
I kiss my Mama goodbye, and wipe the tears from her lonely eyes
Said I'll return but I gotta fight the fate's arrived
Don't shed a tear, cause Mama I ain't happy here
I'm through trial, no more smiles, for a couple years
They got me goin' mad, I'm knockin busters on they backs
in my cell, thinkin, "Hell, I know one day I'll be back"
As soon as I touch down
I told my girl I'll be there, so prepare, to get fucked down
The homies wanna kick it, but I'm just laughin at cha
Cause youse a down ass bitch, and I ain't mad at cha

Chorus: Danny Boy

I ain't, mad, at cha (2Pac: I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad, at cha (2Pac: A true down ass bitch, and I ain't mad at cha)

Verse Three: 2Pac

Well guess who's movin up, this nigga's ballin now
Bitches be callin to get it, hookers keep fallin down
He went from nuttin to lots, ten carots to rock
Went from a nobody nigga to the big, man on the block
He's Mister local celebrity, addicted to move a key
Most hated by enemy, escape in the Luxury
See, first you was our nigga but you made it, so the choice is made
Now we gotta slay you why you faded, in the younger days
So full of pain while the weapons blaze
Gettin so high off that bomb hopin we make it, to the better days
Cause crime pays, and in time, you'll find a rhyme'll blaze
You'll feel the fire from the niggaz in my younger days
So many changed on me, so many tried to plot
That I keep a glock beside my head, when will it stop?
Til God return me to my essence
Cause even as a adolescents, I refuse to be a convalescent
So many questions, and they ask me if I'm still down
I moved up out of the ghetto, so I ain't real now?
They got so much to say, but I'm just laughin at cha
You niggaz just don't know, but I ain't mad at cha

Chorus: Danny Boy
Iiiiiiiii,
I ain't, mad at cha (2Pac: and I ain't mad at cha)
Iiiiiiiii ain't mad (2Pac: hell nah I ain't mad at cha) at cha
I ain't, mad at cha (2Pac: and I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad at cha (2Pac: I ain't mad at cha)
I ain't, mad at cha, noooo
I ain't mad at chaaaaahhhhhhhhmm
So what you gonna when you get outta here cat daddy?
Scarface:I don't know dawg..juss trying to live it one day at a time you know?
I hear you talkin' man, live it one day at a time...aint nothin but a thing though bro
Scarface:yeah i hear you fool,well Let me get up outta here man my ride out here waitin' fo me
Aiight cat take it easy baby
Scarface:stay up fool..... peace

&amp;amp;lt;straight into verse one&amp;amp;gt;

Verse 1:

He greets his father with his hands out
Rehabilitated slightly, glad to be the man's child
The world is different since he's seen it last
Out of jail been seven years and he's happy that he's free at last
All he had was his mother's letters
Now he's home and he's gotta make a change and make it for the beddah
But he's black so he's got one strike against him
And he's young plus he came up in the system
But he's smart and he's finally makin' eighteen
And his goals to get on top and try to stay clean
So he's calling up his homie who dun came up
Livin' like this now they dealin' with the same stuff
And had that attitude that who he was was worth it
and with that fucked up attitude he killed his first mate
Now it's different he done did dirt
And realized killin' men meant comming up but it still hurt
And cain't nobody change this
It's ninteen-ninety-foe and we up against the same shit
*chorus* I nevah understand why
I could nevah seen a man cry, til i seen that man die
Verse two:

Imagine life at it's full peak
Then imagine lying dead in the arms of your enemy
Imagine peace on this earth when there's no grief
Imagine grief on this earth when there's no peace everybody's got a different way of endin' it
And when your number comes for service then they send it in
Now your time has arrived for your final test
I see the fear in your eyes and hear your final breath
How much longeer will it be til it's all done?
Total darkness and ease be in all one
I watch him die and when he dies let us celebrate
You took his life, but your memory he'll never take
You'll be heade to another place
And the life you used to live will reflect in your mother's face
*chorus*

Verse 3:

I hear you breathin' but your heart no longer sounds strong
But you kinda scared of dying so you hold on
And you keep on blacking out and your pulse is low
Stop trying to fight the reaper just relax and let it go
Because there's no way you can fight it but you'll still try
And you can try it til you fight it but you'll still die
Now your spirit leaves your body and your mind clears
The rigormortis starts to set, now you outta here
You start your journey into outer space
You see yourself in the light but you're still feeling outta place
So you standing in the tunnel of eternal light,
And you see the ones you never learn to love in life
Make the choice let it go but u can back it up
If you ain't at peace with God you need to patch it up
But if you ready close your eyes and we can set it free
There lies a man not scared to die, may he rest in peace

I still got to wondah why,
I never seen a man cry til I seen a man die

*t.v. in the backgroung*...hope you feel beddah!!!
(chorus)
i gets high rollin down the I-95,
ma dont ask why i love gettting high while i drive
i cant lie (i cant lie), i puff fly ( i puff fly)
while i drive down the I-95

Put the key in the ignition, start my v
take the clip out the ashtray, spark my trees
u know dat haze weed, bad boys roll tight
valvader, cranberry juice, mixed light
under 30 percent tint ridin benz
doin a quarter smokin on what grow in da water, my lifes in order
u no i got a pocket full a sticky, da old b-k, light a blunt up for biggie
and smoke out, i give a fuck if ya got a skateboard or that new exo-out,
u blow a blow a roll out and holla i'm a survive or die
i'm a ride cuz they neva take a nigga alive

i gets high rollin down the i-95
starin through the rim view from all the shit i survive
and as i ride by i just tilt my hat,
put the car in cruise and roll up anotha sack

(chorus x2)

u catch me rollin hay while i'm down in The benz
hey dont stop, i light a blunt up for pac
pop my collar take another sip a dat vodka
hit 3 wheel motion lockin in the impala
on them 50 spokes wit 2 pounds to smoke
and the weed come clean no sticks, no seeds
straight bud it keeps the car, we sinnin
ma be like bleek, and we cant breath in it
mami keep cool let me remove the roof
take sip o that velvie and remove yer shoes
recline baby, smoke good line baby
this the real green, out the high times baby
we sittin on dubs, no what thats like?
twistin up bud, mommy get yo mind right

(chorus x2)

i gets high, holla a them boys
(while i drive down the i-95)
holla a them boys
(uh huh uh huh)
holla at them boys
(while i drive down the i-95)
smoke one for yer dogs
I can't stop
The way I feel
Things you do
Don't seem real
Tell you what I got in mind
'Cause we're runnin' out of time
Won't you ever set me free?
This waitin' 'rounds killin' me

She drives me crazy
Like no one else
She drives me crazy
And I can't help myself

I can't get
Any rest
People say
I'm obsessed
Everything that's serious lasts
But to me there's no surprise
What I have, I knew was true
Things go wrong, they always do

She drives me crazy
Like no one else
She drives me crazy
And I can't help myself

I won't make it
On my own
No on likes
To be alone

She drives me crazy
Like no one else
She drives me crazy
And I can't help myself

Uh huh huh

She drives me crazy
Like no one else
She drives me crazy
And I can't help myself

Uh huh huh

She drives me crazy
Like no one else
She drives me crazy
And I can't help myself
(People talking)
I'm tired of hearing of young fellows, who think you know it all.
You know nothing, you have not seen a shot fired,
and you're waving the damn flag.

Frank, what's that man?

I'm just watching some bullshit.
On the news. It's fucking bullshit.
Reporters trying to win a fucking emmy.

Makeshift patriot,
the flag shop is out of stock,
I hang myself at half mast.
(3x)

It's the makeshift,
The patriot,
the flag shop is out of stock,
I hang myself for your live telecast.

Coming live from my own funeral
Beautiful weather offered a nice shine,
Which is suitable for a full view of a forever altered skyline.
It's times like these I freestyle biased opinions every other sentence.
My journalist ethic slips when I pass them off as objectives.
Don't give me that ethical shit.
I've got exclusive, explicit images to present to impressionable american kids,
and it's time to show this world how big our edifice is.
That's exactly how they attacked,
when a typically dark-skinned disney villain.
Use civillians against civillians and charge the trojan horse into our buildings.
Using commercial aviation as instruments of destruction.
Pregnant women couldn't protect their children;
wheelchairs were stairway obstructions.
I had to back-pedal from the shower of glass and metal,
wondering if after it settles,
we'll find who provided power to radical rebels.
The melting pot seems to be calling the kettle black when it boils over,
but only on our own soil,
so the little boy holds a toy soldier,
and waits for the suit and tie to come home.
We won't wait till he's older, though,
before we destroy hopes for a colder war to end.
I'll get a close-up of his head.

Makeshift patriot,
the flag shop is out of stock,
I hang myself at half mast.
(3x)

It's the makeshift,
The patriot,
the flag shop is out of stock,
I hang myself while the stock markets crash.

The city is covered in inches of muck.
I see some more pictures of victims are up
Grieving mothers are thinking their children are stuck,
leaping lovers are making descisions to jump while holding hands,
to escape the brutal heat;
sometimes in groups of three.
The fallout was far beyond the toxic clouds where people look like debris
but all they say when all was said,
beyond the talking heads,
was the bloody dust with legs,
looking like the walking dead calling for meds.
All the hospitals overwhelmed,
volunteers need to go the hell home.
Moments of silence for firefighters were interrupted by cell phones.
Who's going to make that call, to increase an unknown death toll?
Its the one we rally behind.
He's got a megaphone, promising to make heads roll.
We'd cheer him on, but asbestos is affecting our breath control.
The less we know, the more they fabricate,
the easier it is to sell souls.

(Man talking)
There is a new price on freedom, so buy into it while supplies last.
Changes need to be made;
no more curbside baggage,
seven pm curfew,
racial profiling will continue with less bitching.
We've unified over who to kill, so until I find more relevant scripture to quote,
remember, our kind is bigger, stronger, smarter, and much wealthier.
So wave those flags with pride, especially the white part.

We're selling addictive, twenty-four hour candlelight vigils on TV.
Freedom will be defended at the cost of civil liberties.
The viewers are glued to television screens, stuck,
'cause lots of things seem too sick.
I use opportunities to pluck heartstrings for theme music.
I'll show you which culture to pump your fist at,
which foot is right to kiss.
We don't really know who the culprit is yet,
but he looks like this.
We know who the heroes are,
they're not the xenophobes who act hard.
We taught that dog to squat,
how dare he do that shit in our own back yard.
They happen to scar our financial state,
and char our landscape.
Can you count how many times so far I ran back the same damn tape?
While the cameraman creates news and shoves it down our throats,
on the west bank, with the ten second clip put on constant loop to provoke US angst.
So get your tanks and load your guns and hold your sons in a family huddle,
'cause even if we win this tug of war and even the score,
humanity struggles.
There's a need of blood for what's been uncovered under the rubble;
some of them dug for answers in the mess,
but the rest were looking for trouble.

Makeshift patriot,
the flag shop is out of stock,
I hang myself at half mast.
(3x)

It's the makeshift,
The patriot,
the flag shop is out of stock,
I hang myself.
Don't waive your rights with your flags.

(Two people talking)
Seriously, if I want to find out anything, I'm not going to read Time Magazine,
I'm not going to read Newsweek, I'm not going to read any of these magazines.
I mean, because they've just got too much to lose by printing the truth,
you know that.

What kinds of truths are they omitting?

Well, anything.
Even on a worldwide basis.
They'd just go off the stands in a day if they printed really the truth.

What is really the truth?

Well, really the truth is just a plain picture.
Relax yourself girl, please set-tle down (4X)

Verse One: Q-Tip, Phife Dawg

Honey, check it out, you got me mesmerized
With your black hair and fat-ass thighs
Street poetry is my everyday
But yo, I gotta stop when you trot my way
If I was workin at the club you would not pay
Aiyyo, my man Phife Diggy, he got somthin to say

I like em brown, yellow, Puero Rican or Hatian
Name is Phife Dawg from the Zulu Nation
Told you in the jam that We Can Get Down
Now let's Knock the Boots like the group H-Town
You got BBD all on your bedroom wall
But I'm Above the Rim and this is how I ball
A pretty little somethin on the New York street
This is how I represent over this here beat
Talkin bout you

Yo, I took you out
But sex was on my mind for the whole damn route
My mind was in a frenzy and a horny state
But I couldn't drop dimes cause *you couldn't relate*

Chorus

Verse Two: Q-Tip, Phife Dawg

Stretch out your legs, let me make you bawl
Drive you insane, drive you up the wall
Starin at your dome-piece, very strong
Stronger Than Pride, stronger than Teflon
Take you on the ave and you buy me links
Now I wanna pound the putang until it stinks
You can be my mama and I'll be your boy

Original rude boy, never am I coy
You can be a shorty in my ill convoy
Not to come across as a thug or a hood
But hon, you got the goods, like Madeline Woods
By the way, my name's Malik
The Five-Foot Freak
Let's say we get together by the end of the week
She simply said, "No," labelled me a hoe
I said, "How you figure?" "My friends told me so."
I hate when silly groupies wanna run they yap
Word to God, hon, I don't get down like that

I'll have you weak in the knees that you could hardly speak
Or we could do like Uncle L and swing an ep in my jeep
Keep it in the down, yo, we keep it discrete
See, I'm not the type to kid to have my biz in the streets

If my mom don't approve, then I'll just elope
Let me sink the little man from inside the boat
Let me hit it from the back, girl I won't catch a hernia
Bust off on your couch, now you got Seamen's Furniture

Shaheed, Phife and the Extra P
Stacy, ? DJ and my man L.G.
They know the Abstract is really soul on ice
The character is of men, never ever of mice
Shorty let me tell you about my only vice
It has to do with lots of lovin and *it ain't nuthin nice*

Chorus
featuring Fat Joe Foxy Brown Keith Murray Prodigy
Verse One: Keith Murray
Haaah! (wooooooo!)
Yeah (hah hah hah hah) L.O.D.
Keith Murray Def Squad
Mista Mista Mista Mista Smith
You wanna hit? (You wanna hit?)
Uhh gimme an hour plus a pen and a pad

Yo... I'm here to make a dollar out of fifteen cents
And let my balls hang like I'm on a toilet takin a shit
My style is all that and a big bag of chips wit the dip
Fuck all that sensuous shit
I represent intellectual violence
And leave your click holier than the Ten Commandments
Like Redman I shift with tha ruck
If ya if was a spliff we'd be all fucked up [Word up!]
No need to ask you who is he, Son I get busy
Scuff my Timbs on the boulevard of many ruff cities [Chicago, LA, any of them]
I'll have to Norman Bate ya I love ta hate ya
Cause youse a freak by nature
Can't wait to face ya, mutilate ya
Drink your style down straight wit no chaser [Word up!]
My verbal combat's like a mini-Mac to your back
As soon as one of you niggaz try to over react [BLAOW!]
Tha L.O.D. love good confrontation or vamp [Word up!]
Break your concentration, murder your camp
For tha jealous, overzealous, we fellaz
Blow the the spot like Branford Marsalis
Niggaz comin through and actin wild
Y'all commercial niggaz better have a Coke and a smile
I SHOT YA!

Verse Two: Prodigy
Yo, I conversate wit many men, it's time to begin again
Forgot what I already knew, aiyyo you hear me friend?
Illuminati want my mind, soul, and my body
Secret society, tryin to keep they eye on me
But I'm stay incogni', in places they can't find me
Make my moves strategically, the G.O.D.
It's sorta similar but iller than a chess player
I use my thinker, it coincides with my blinker
While you wondered what we sayin on the records real
Yeah you motherfuckin right kid you know the deal
My Mobb is Infamous just like the fuckin title read
You get back slapped so hard make ya nose bleed
Some ---- kids feeling guilty bout the ----
But you first baby girl so just face it (awright)
But anyway, back on the real side of things
My niggaz sling cracks and wear fat diamond rings
Not only is it inside the songs that we sing (kid)
Everything is real not just a song that we sing (word up, it's real)
From my life to the paper (what), very accurately
Give you all of my two so maybe you can three
Prodigy will forever will S-H-I-N-E (shine baby, just shine)
My shit attract millions like the moon attract the sea
How dare you ever in your life walk past me
Without acknowledgin this man as G-O-D
I shot ya faggot ass

Verse Three: Fat Joe
Now who the fuck you think you talkin to, I pay dues I spray crews
Look I'm Joey Crack, motherfuckers be like he's bad news
Runnin this racket, from New York to Montego
Slaughterin people, bring a ton of keys from Puerto Rico
I'd rather be feared than loved because the fear lasts longer
These bitch ass niggaz know we stronger
Than these weaklings, seekin, for respect that ain't there
Knuckleheads beware, there's mad tension in the air
Tommy guns for fun, shotties for block parties
While fresh lead heats up your insides like a fifth of Bacardi
Call the ambulance, this man's wet
Bullets cut him down from the root up just like a Gillette
razor, which I keep hidden in my oral
Ready to spatter, at any ad out, that wants to quarrel
These feds want me for some tax evasion
Now that the fact that somebody's gettin lucci that's not caucasian
Bullets be blazin through these streets filled with torture [what the deal pop]
Joey Crack, a.k.a. Kaiser Ceaser

Verse Four: Foxxy Brown
Thug niggaz give they minks to chinks
To' down we sip drinks rockin minks, flashin rings and things [what the deal]
Frontin hardcore deep inside the Jeep, mackin
Doin my thing fly nigga you a Scarface king
Bitches grab ya ta-ta's, get them niggaz for they chedda
Fuck it, Gucci sweaters and Armani leathers
Flossin rocks like the size of Fort Knox
Four carats, the ice rocks, pussy bangin like Versace locs pops [what the deal]
Want ta the creep, on the light raw ass cheeks
I'm sexin raw dog without protection, diseaese infested
Uh, Italiano got the Lucciano
I gets down fuckin with Brown Fox extra keys to the drop
Boo I'm Jingling Baby, I got crazy Dominicans who pay me
to lay low, I play slow
Roll with tha Firm, Mafiaso crime king pin
It all real nigga what tha deal
I shot ya!

Verse Five: LL Cool J
What the fuck? I thought I conquered the whole world
Crushed Moe Dee, Hammer, and Ice-T's girl
But still, niggaz want to instigate shit
I'll battle any nigga in tha rap game quick
Name the spot, I make it hot for ya bitches
Female rappers too, I don't give a fuck boo
Word, I'm here to crush all my peers
Rhymes of the month in The Source for twenty years
Niggaz scared, I'm detrimental to your mental state
I use my presedential Rolex to be debate
Niggaz fight, glock cocked ya temple gets fucked
MC's, that fuck with LL they gets bucked
That's real, what's up with that I Shot Ya deal?
Light shit, niggaz slip now how the bullet feel?
New York appeal, in L.A. they gang bang
But if you touch a mic your motherfuckin ass hang
That's facts, niggaz don't recieve no type of slack
Cause if they do, they ass is always runnin back
Not this time, but next time I'ma name names
LL, shittin from on top of the game
I SHOT YA!
Intro: Roxanne

It's Wu motherfuckers, ah Wu-Tang motherfuckers (3X)
It's Wu, ah goin on

Verse One: The Genius/GZA

Reunited, double LP, we're all excited
Struck a match to the underground, industry ignited
from metaphorical parables to fertilize the Earth
Wicked niggaz come, try to burglarize the turf
Scattin off soft-ass beats them niggaz rap happily
Tragically, that style, deter-iate, rapidly
Uncompleted missions, throwin your best known compositions
You couldn't add it up, if you mastered addition
Where I come from, gettin visual is habitual
De-mon-strate walkin on hot coal, in rituals
I splash the paint on the wall, it formed the mural
He took a look, saw the manifestation of it, was plural
Rhymin while impaired, dart hit your garment
Pierced your internal, streamlined compartments
Just consider the unparallel advantage
Of a natural disaster that's impossible to manage

Verse Two: Ol Dirty Bastard/Osirus

Bitch ass niggaz counterfeit the funk
I smoke the bead and the skunk, tree top of the trunk
Moonshine drunken monk, YaHEAD, get shrunk
The touch of skunk, I be fuckin bitches by the chunk
my name black, do words wanna play in my dirt?
Bitch stop my momma serve, free lunch from the church
I come like a thousand doves
Bitch you quiet at the bus, makin the fuss, I gots tough love
Unglove the news, watch a nigga transfuse
Dirty add to the fuse, heavy at the booze
I don't walk, I get carried
Gold and platinum frisbees on my wall, lookin properly
but come-ly, I U.F.O. you Wright Brothers
The Indian that sold Manhattan to the white man
my grandfather, step up and get knocked right the fuck out
Come to the cook-out, Dirty bitch at the mouth
You scared? Run around like a plane about to crash

*sound of a plane crashing and explosion*

[Roxanne] Wu-Tang motherfuckers (2X)
Yeah... and RZA

Verse Three: RZA

Yo, yo, The Riddler, funny bone tickler, freak Caligula
Bigger dick sex enigma pistol fertilize your stigma
Stinkbox, order from pink dot
MC's get stuck on ink blots as I plug to the sinkbox
Wu-Tang Incorp. take your brain on spacewalk
Talk strange like B-jork, great hero Jim Thorpe
How can I put it? Life is like video footage
Hard to edit, directors, that never understood it
I'm too impulsive, my deadly corrosive dosage
attack when you least notice through explosive postage
I don't play, the rap souflee sautee for the day
Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig A, Leg Leg Arm Head
Spread like plague, we drink Hennessee by the jig
I got the golden egg plus the goose
Eighty proof, Absolut, mixed with cranberry fruit juice
Ginseng boost, I got yo' neck in a noose
Keep my money wrinkled, the rap star twinkle killer instinct
sixteen bar nickle sell more copies than Kinko
Grow like a fetus with no hands and feet to complete us
and we return like Jesus, when the whole world need us

Verse Four: Method Man/Iron Lung

Is it appetite for destruction
Slap a murder rap on this production, I touch somethin trust nuttin
Iron Lung/Twisted Metal
I see em duckin my dart gun, bustin, from every angle
Worldwide total carnage, the sickest flow
that be code named Agent Orange, killin you slow
It's only right you pay homage
to those that's bout to blow like that shit up your nose, solid
as a rock when I strike target, ver-bal
Be screamin on you like a drill sargeant, her-bals
got me where I wanna be right now, don't know the time
Check the hour on your sundial, watch me shine
Drunk off of cheap wine
Each line be on point when I speak mine
On behalf of my crew, SUUUUUUUUUUU, Enter the Wu
Thirty-Six more deadly Chambers, to take you through

Outro: Roxanne

It's Wu motherfuckers, Wu-Tang motherfuckers (6X)

*violins play on for a while*

It's Wu motherfuckers, Wu-Tang motherfuckers (5X)
Yeahhh, Wu-Tannnnnng
Wu-Tannnnnnnng

[Ol Dirty] Oh yeahhhh, ahhh, aiyy yeahh yeahhhahh aiii
[Roxanne] And RZA...
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Now, can I get an encore, do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time I need y'all to roar

Now what the hell are you waiting for?
After me, there shall be no more
So for one last time, nigga, make some noise
Get 'em, Jay

Who you know fresher than Hov'? Riddle me that
The rest of y'all know where I'm lyrically at
Can't none of y'all mirror me back
Yeah, hearin' 'me rap is like hearin' G Rap in his prime

I'm, young HO, rap's Grateful Dead
Back to take over the globe, now break bread
I'm in, Boeing jets, Global Express
Out of the country but the Blueberry still connect

On the low but the yacht got a triple deck
But when you Young, what the fuck you expect? Yep, yep
Grand openin', grand closin'
Goddamn your man Hov' cracked the can open again

Who you gon' find doper than him with no pen
Just draw off inspiration
Soon you gon' see you can't replace him
With cheap imitations for these generations

Now can I get an encore, do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
Now what the hell are you waiting for?

After me, there shall be no more
So for one last time, nigga, make some noise
What the hell are you waiting for?

Look what you made me do, look what I made for you
Knew if I paid my dues, how will they pay you
When you first come in the game, they try to play you
Then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you

From Marcy to Madison Square
To the only thing that matters in just a matter of years
As fate would have it, Jay's status appears
To be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye

When I come back like Jordan, wearin the 4-5
It ain't to play games witchu
It's to aim at you, probably maim you
If I owe you I'm blowin' you to smithereens

Cocksucker take one for your team
And I need you to remember one thing
I came, I saw, I conquered
From record sales, to sold out concerts

So muh'fucker, if you want this encore
I need you to scream, 'til your lungs get sore

I'm tired of being what you want me to be
Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface
Don't know what you're expecting of me
Put under the pressure of walking in your shoes

(Caught in the undertow just caught in the undertow)
Every step that I take is another mistake to you
(Caught in the undertow just caught in the undertow)
And every second I waste is more than I can take

I've become so numb, I can't feel you there
Become so tired so much more aware
I'm becoming this, all I want to do
Is be more like me and be less like you

(I've become so numb)
Can I get an encore, do you want more?
(I've become so numb)
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
One last time I need y'all to roar

Take me down to the way back home
I lost all my money now I'm all alone
City boys stole my car
City girls stole my heart

Now won't you take me down to the way back home
I lost all my money now I'm all alone
City boys stole my car
City girls stole my heart

Stole my heart, yeah

Well I been in trouble since I don't know when
Never got no money to pay my rent
The city life hits hard on me
But I gotta keep on tryin
Gotta keep on lying to myself

One day I will make it
And I'll become a wealthy man
I'll make as much money as I can
And I try so hard,
Try try try so hard

Try so hard, yeah

Take me down to the way back home
I lost all my money now I'm all alone
City boys stole my car
City girls stole my heart

Now won't you take me down to the way back home
I lost all my money now I'm all alone
City girls stole my car
City boys stole my heart

Yeah yeah yeah

It's cold and it's rainin
I'm not happy at all
As much as I can do what I want
Yeah

Alone in the night
I lie back, I'm feelin like a wretch
I know I'll survive here
Somebody, somebody, somebody,
Somebody, somebody, somebody
I'm really gonna make it get high

Take me down to the way back home
I lost all my money now I'm all alone
City boys stole my car
City girls stole my heart

Take me down to the way back home
I lost all my money now I'm all alone
City boys stole my car
City girls stole my heart

Stole my heart, yeah
Be strong!

[Verse 1]
Damn man, it's always somethin
If it ain't the phone, then the door's buzzin
If they're not in school, they on the corners hustlin
All these criminals that the law is bustin
Crime don't stop, all good and all is sudden
They was so cool, they used to say they cousins
Went to the same school, even played the dozens
Y'all was just boys, now they say they wasn't
Need to mind my own, solve other people's problems
Fix theirs, but mine? I don't speak about em
Low key, I try to be a private person
Smile all day, show no signs of hurtin
Who am I tryin to fool? Things keep weighin on me
If it's not me, who's gonna say it for me?
Gotta let it out, puttin up a shield isn't
Me not dealin with it's how I deal with it
And that's wrong...

[Chorus]
If you feel like you've been through alot and held it inside
You might need a shoulder to cry
If you had your head up, but now you have trouble holding it high
You might need a shoulder to cry
If you feel left alone after someone close to you died
You might need a shoulder to cry
If you feel nothing works, no matter how hard you've tried
You might need a shoulder to cry

[Verse 2]
You don't get a break from drama
Seeing how the angels came to take your Mama
Took your father early, could've waited longer
Didn't make you stronger, just made you ponder
What you here for? Yesterday you got fired
Car repossessed, can't control your baby brother
Seen him arrest, beef with his baby mother
How your nieces rest? Mailbox stays cluttered
But never see a check
Many men, but they don't know how to be direct
Play games on your ex you gotta see for sex
Friends got drama too, so they need advice
Never ask what's up with you, so you be uptight
Have your own (?), that you had it on
Never put yourself first, so it has you torn
Flashbacks of your folks, so you're sad and mourn
The only ones you had close, and that you had are gone...

[Chorus]
If you feel like you've been through alot and held it inside
You might need a shoulder to cry
If you had your head up, but now you have trouble holding it high
You might need a shoulder to cry
If you feel left alone after someone close to you died
You might need a shoulder to cry
If you feel nothing works, no matter how hard you've tried
You might need a shoulder to cry

[Bridge]
If you can't find the happiness that you were hoping to find
You can use my shoulder to cry
If you feel everyone's against you, and no one's on your side
You can use my shoulder to cry
If you feel there's nothing you can do except run and hide
YOu can use my shoulder to cry
If you're hurt deep down and try to smile on the outside
You can use my shoulder to cry

[Verse 3]
Need a shoulder? Use mine
On the verge of burstin if you didn't cry
It's just a shirt, it'll dry
Headin towards self-destruction, might help discussin
With other people cause your dealt with your self-reluctance
May you find a substance, or a (?)
Your mind is sufferin
But on the whole, you're wasting time frontin
You had it all together
But it fell apart
What's right in your mind your heart can't tell apart
Moves that you had to make, you would've made different
Routes that you had to take, you had no say in it
How it is, is gonna be how it's gonna be
But you don't wanna see that, cause you don't agree
It's still there, holdin back won't get it over
I'm here, so lower your head down on my shoulder
Try to fake it and go on, but you can't because
It's hard to cry on someone else's when the world's on yours...

[Chorus]
If you feel like you've been through alot and held it inside
You might need a shoulder to cry
If you had your head up, but now you have trouble holding it high
You might need a shoulder to cry
If you feel left alone after someone close to you died
You might need a shoulder to cry
If you feel nothing works, no matter how hard you've tried
You might need a shoulder to cry
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing,
It's so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walking around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care
He's a problem child and what bothers him all comes out,
When he talks about his fuckin' dad walkin' out
Cause he hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap
His step-father hit him, so he socked him back,
And broke his nose his house is a broken home,
There's no control, he just let's his emotions go...

Sing with me, sing for the year
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears
Sing with me now, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away

[Verse 2]
Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsta's
In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate,
I guess words are a mothafucka they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate
It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get they hands on every dime you have,
they want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me,
strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously,
so i'm signin' cd's while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If i'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense Pete
It's all political, if my music is literal,
and i'm a criminal how the fuck can I raise a little girl
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to,
you're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you...

Sing with me, sing for the year
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears
Sing with me now, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away

[Verse 3]
They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well can it load a gun up for you, and cock it too?
Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault and i'll get sued
See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they want to get one cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers
Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus
But music is reflection of self, we just explain it,
And then we get our checks in the mail - It's fucked up ain't it?
How we can come from practically nothing
to being able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing
Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long
Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives
Till they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die
Till they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe
We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' shit in they eyes
That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it,
Squeeze it and hold it cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone just let our spirits live on,
Through our lyrics that you hear in our songs and we can...

[CHORUS X2]
Sing with me, sing for the year
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears
Sing with me now, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
Intro: Bizzy Bone

Where the fiends at?
(Laughs)
Nigga
Bone Thugs
Harmony

Chorus: Bizzy, Krayzie

Money I'ma get me some
My nigga I'ma get me some
Say my nigga yall, better get your paper
paper, paper, paper, paper, paper....

Money I'ma get me some
My nigga I'ma get me some
Say my nigga yall, better get your paper
paper, paper, paper, paper, paper....

Money I'ma get me some
My nigga I'ma get me some
Say my nigga yall, better get your paper
paper, paper, paper, paper, paper....

Money I'ma get me some
My nigga I'ma get me some
Say my nigga yall, better get your paper
paper, paper, paper, paper, paper....

Money

Verse One: Bizzy Bone, Krayzie Bone
My my babys bangin,
beefin with me,
squashed it ordained it,
Better yet sustained the flurry
Hide in the fury,
but the ways of a broad
dont mean youve died out of my life,
Im hurt, burn me baby,
tie down.
And child hood scars,
crackhead cause niggas I dont know
that whod ya think you are.
And here we are, steady we roll out over you.
When its over its over,
for the soldiers who hear me, thatll
get me in trouble.
Can I be closer, stay right near me.
Here we are, aint no stars, uh huh.......
Can I get drunk off in some bar,
without some haters sayin
&amp;quot;Who do you think you are?!&amp;quot;
When Im sober, start jumpin in it to win itttt.........

Shit I bet they thought we fell off.
Bone Thugs~n~Harmony Resurrection,
Krayzie, Layzie, Bizzy, Wish,
we in the Flesh.
Rememeber them thuggish ruggish niggas,
gotta get down fo my thang in here.
You already know when we came in here we raw,
fuck what u heard and you read about us,
just believe what you saw.
Till I die, Im down to ride in the war
when you niggas get serious, let a nigga know,
maybe then we can roll.
Nigga bad to the Bone,
But I sure dont click with hoes
and no bustas, hatas, or hoes when
they poppin up at my door
I get excited, all uptight, and violent.
Bitches was not invited!
Putem in a coffin before they get me man.
Krayzie, loco, insane, bang bang.
Runnin with the pump pump, no bluffin
We buck!
Nigga better realize still claim
Nineteen nine nine the nine nine
Muthafucka, fuckem to the end,
and when I run out,
I reloadin and buckin again, some mo!
Nigga puttin it down, worldwide.
Them wicked bad-ass thugs.
You punk niggas hate us,
but we dont trip,
we still get madd ass love.
I show you the rapper that's sick of this song
We'll straight up toss his ass
And if he flossin cash and jewelry,
rip it off his ass,
keep walkin fast.
Thuggish ruggish till the day that I die,
fuck it thats all I been all of my life.
Its just T-H-U-G we be.
And it aint no thang,
keep buckin buckin,
dumpin, fuckinem bustas up with my gauge.
We poppin all yall,
Im watchin all yall.

Chorus: Bizzy, Krayzie

Money I'ma get me some
My nigga I'ma get me some
Say my nigga yall, better get your paper
paper, paper, paper, paper, paper....

Money I'ma get me some
My nigga I'ma get me some
Say my nigga yall, better get your paper
paper, paper, paper, paper, paper....

Money

Verse Two: Layzie Bone, Wish Bone (Bizzy Bone) [Bizzy Bone &amp;amp; Wish Bone]

Time after time,
everywhere I look,
everywhere I turn,
niggas talkin bout death.
Like a nigga cant dream of nuthin else,
but a lil bit of wealth.
Tryin to help they self,
and I really cant blame you,
cause I do the same too.
Man do what you gotta do.
But what Imma do is keep protectin my cheddar fool.
Aint none of yall niggas do it betta, ohhh.
And Im ahead of you and yall hate it,
only the real thugs keepin it raw.
Grippin that heat tight,
livin that street life.
Nigga Imma let it fool round and get war.
Niggas is plottin that 2-11,
thats why I got heat for armageddon.
Picture Lay on his knees and Im beggin,
nigga betta shoot me and send me to heaven.
Fuck all the drama, Imma just blast,
hollow point tips off in that ass.
Tha slicka the nigga
thats pullin the trigga
is the nigga thats standin up last.
Countin this cash,
still doin this mash.
Blowin much weed
as we watch you bleed.
nigga got killed fo the love of the cheese.
Now you cant do shit cause your 6 feet deep.
Fuckin with Lay
is a game you shouldnt play,
even myself I could die today.
I could lie, but hey it aint worth it,
shit, aint none of us here to stay.
Imma hold my ground,
and Imma lace my boots.
So when its time to shoot, then thats it.
Screamin out Mo Thug in this bitch,
and Bone Thugs in this bitch, nigga.

Its all about money, yeah.
Imma get me some.
Cant be fuckin with niggas that aint got none.
Cause lately yall been actin funny,
I guess you smell some money.
Get out my pockets,
betta count your shit
Its still St. Clair wig-split.
Four other niggas that I run with,
you dont wanna fuck with.
[Dollars and dollars but still,]
[we gotta get mo]
Remember back in the days when we was fucked up
but not anymore (uh uh, no, no)
And aint a damn thang come easy,
alot of plannin, bus rides, and [Eazy].
Fo cheese,
believe me,
believe me,
and it aint gone stop at the end of my time
with my Bone Thug love
I'ma always get mine.
And I mean that,
gotta have that,
paper paper,
money money,
money, money.

Chorus: Bizzy, Krayzie

Money I'ma get me some
My nigga I'ma get me some
Say my nigga yall, better get your paper
paper, paper, paper, paper, paper....

Money I'ma get me some
My nigga I'ma get me some
Say my nigga yall, better get your paper
paper, paper, paper, paper, paper....

Money

Verse Three: Flesh-N-Bone (Layzie Bone)

You better believe we five of the last
true soldiers standin in command
You thought of me closin the book.
On this bitch on yall, flip on yall,
I am what I am the Fifth Dawg!
Its all good,
paper paper for the whole hood.
Tellem I got dibs on this and kids in this
(you real as, real as shit)
Reminiscin on my thug ass nigga Eazy-E (Eazy-E).
Six deep in a six-double-o Benzo
fo the love of money.
I gotta get the paper.
I told yall aint a damn thang changed
bout the nigga they bang.
My niggas,theyre down,
and well bang your brain,
muthafucka for thinkin he famous!

Bridge: Bizzy Bone &amp;amp; Layzie Bone
We in the flesh flesh,
We in the flesh,

We in the flesh flesh,
We in the flesh

Verse Four: Flesh-N-Bone

And if I can go bite the bullet
so Eazy in my cadillac,
bend a couple of corners,
smoke out with some hoes,
now where yall at?
21st century heroes,
two-triple-zero,
righteous ones,
And wish the Howse
then can roll with one hundred and forty four thousand
(If Heaven was a mile away)
Would I pack up my bags and leave this world behind?
(If Heaven was a mile away)
Or save it all for you?
(If Heaven was a mile away)
Would I, fill the tank up with gas and be out the front door in a FLASH
Before reconsidering, this Hell with you
It ain't you it's the things you do (do)
It's tearing my heart in two
I would of fell with you
To Hell with you

[Nas]
If Heaven was a mile away
And you could ride by the gates
Would you try to run inside when it opens would you try to die today?
Would you pray louder finally believing His power?
Even if you couldn't see, but you could feel would you still doubt him?
How would you start acting?
Would you try to put the ki's down?
Thinking every drug sell that you make in the streets He can see now
Would a fiend even want to get high, would he stop smoking?
If he knew on his own two feet he could just stroll in
To get away and escape from the craziness
And I bet you there's a Heaven for an atheist
It's hard taking this
Racist planet where they take another brother in a handcuff
Even if he innocent nigga get on the car put your motherfucking hands up
Thinking I'm a lose it
My mom's in chemo
Three times a week, yo keep trying but people
Is hard and God, your young soldier's not so bold
But need you
This world's my home but world I would leave

(If Heaven was a mile away)
Would I pack up my bags and leave this world behind?
(If Heaven was a mile away)
Or save it all for you?
(If Heaven was a mile away)
Would I, fill the tank up with gas and be out the front door in a FLASH
Before reconsidering, this Hell with you
It ain't you it's the things you do (do)
It's tearing my heart in two
I would of fell with you
To Hell with you

[Nas]
Nigga what you think I'ma stop building
I'ma stop feeling like I'm Amistad's great great grandchildren
How I'm not gonna want to make millions
Since the quarter water days in the hallways making fake coke
Pass with the Reeses Pieces wrapper in my mouth all day
But then my style has quite a while that same type as Ill and Al Skratch
Game time to them cats never looked back Cristal blowing dub sacks
That's when it all just hit me
You see the broads and Bentleys is nothing less my nigga spend it all with me
I'd give it all away quickly
Just to hear them all I'd buy some new kicks free of any autographs so
not to be recognized forgive me
It's becoming unbearable
Making hits is easy
Put a famous bitch on the hook there you go with a platinum CD
I know you heard the noise
Preachers touching on altar boys
Sodomizing not realizing God is watching before the Lord
How can they do the devil's work?
A man giving another man head in church
Hell it hurts just to fathom the thought wishing that I fled the Earth.

(If Heaven was a mile away)
Would I pack up my bags and leave this world behind?
(If Heaven was a mile away)
Or save it all for you?
(If Heaven was a mile away)
Would I, fill the tank up with gas and be out the front door in a FLASH
Before reconsidering, this Hell with you
It ain't you it's the things you do (do)
It's tearing my heart in two
I would of fell with you
To Hell with you
California love!

California...knows how to party
California...knows how to party
In the citaaay of L.A.
In the citaaay of good ol' Watts
In the citaaay, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin!

Verse One: Dr. Dre

Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild west
A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness
The track hits ya eardrum like a slug to ya chest
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex
We in that sunshine state with a bomb ass hemp beat
the state where ya never find a dance floor empty
And pimps be on a mission for them greens
lean mean money-makin-machines servin fiends
I been in the game for ten years makin rap tunes
ever since honeys was wearin sassoon
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me
Diamonds shinin lookin like I robbed Liberace
It's all good, from Diego to tha Bay
Your city is tha bomb if your city makin pay
Throw up a finger if ya feel the same way
Dre puttin it down for
Californ-i-a

California...knows how to party
California...knows how to party
In the citaaay of L.A.
In the citaaay of good ol' Watts
In the citaaay, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin!

Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it mama
Shake it Cali
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it shake it shake it...

Verse Two: 2Pac

Out on bail fresh outta jail, California dreamin
Soon as I stepped on the scene, I'm hearin hoochies screamin
Fiendin for money and alcohol
the life of a west side playa where cowards die
Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die
In L.A. we wearin Chucks not Ballies (that's right)
Dressed in Locs and khaki suits and ride is what we do
Flossin but have caution we collide with other crews
Famous cause we program worldwide
Let'em recognize from Long Beach to Rosecrans
Bumpin and grindin like a slow jam, it's west side
So you know the row won't bow down to no man
Say what you say
But give me that bomb beat from Dre
Let me serenade the streets of L.A.
From Oakland to Sacktown
The Bay Area and back down
Cali is where they put they mack down
Give me love!

California...knows how to party
California...knows how to party
In the citaaay of L.A.
In the citaaay of good ol' Watts
In the citaaay, the city of Compton
We keep it rockin! We keep it rockin!

Dr. Dre: now make it shake...

Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it mama
Shake it Cali
Shake it shake it baby
Shake it shake it shake it shake it...

Outro: Dre, 2Pac

(Dre)uh, yeah, uh, longbeach in tha house, uh yeah
Oaktown, Oakland definately in tha house hahaha
Frisko, Frisko
(Tupac) hey, you know LA is up in this
(Dre)Pasadina, where you at
yeah, Ingelwood, Ingelwood always up to no good
(Tupac) even Hollywood tryin to get a piece baby
(Dre)Sacramento, sacramento where ya at? yeah

(Tupac)Throw it up y'all, throw it up, Throw it up, I can't see ya
Let's show these fools how we do this on that west side
Cause you and I know it's tha best side

(Dre)yeah, That's riight
west coast, west coast
uh, California Love
California Love
These hot machine years burning time across your face

See the smoke stacks rising up like fuck you towers?

My girlfriend sang like a hummingbird today

until that cough stole her voice and fed it to the furnance.



Shrew laugh, trench throat..

There's a party on the 16th floor.

this apartments paper thin walls....

you know your neighbors sobs by heart.

Tight coil, cold grin...

Highways wrapped around my body like a snake.

Got a view of a cement lawn, amputated horizons.

Thanks for the survival rags.

thanks for the soiled skies.

thanks for the fucked up future.

We can learn to love misery.

Was it just last night

that I woke up to a snarling baby?

Did I hear it right?

He begged his mother, Feed me to the forest!





The factory is singing us to sleepless beds tonight.

Lungs like twin garbage sacks sucking charcoal breath tonight.

Sick squeal, dull moan...

Looks like your neighbors found another victim.

Screams Help but no one comes.

honey won't you turn the TV on?

Brown summer, stench wind...

the globe spinning one a rusty hinge.

Get in your car go to your job

like a train that's being robbed.
CHORUS:
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the mo money we come across
The mo problems we see (2x)

(Mase)

Now, who's hot, who not
Tell me who rock, who sell out in the stores
You tell me who flopped, who copped the blue drop
Who jewels got robbed, who's mostly Dolce down
to the tube socks, the same ol pimp,
Mase, you know ain't nuttin changed but my limp
Can't stop till I see my name on a blimp
Guarantee a million sales pullin all the love
You don't believe in Harlem World nigga double up
We don't play around, it's a bet lay it down
Niggaz didn't know me ' 91, bet they know me now
I'm the young Harlem nigga with the golden sound
Can't no PhD niggaz hold me down, Cooter
Schooled me to the game, now I know my duty
Stay humble, stay low, blow like Hootie
True pimp niggaz spend no dough on the booty
And then ya yell there go Mase, there go your cutie

*Kelly Price comes in over last line*

CHORUS:
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the mo money we come across
The mo problems we see (2x)

(Puff Daddy)

Yeah yeah, ahaha, it's the D to-the A to the D-D-Y
I know you'd rather see me die than to see me fly
I call all the shots,
Rip all the spots, rock all the rocks,
Cop all the drops, I know you thinkin' now
When all the ballin' stops, nigga never home
Gotta call me on the yacht
Ten years from now we'll still be on top
Yo, I thought I told you that we won't stop
Now whatcha gonna do wit a crew
that got money much longer than yours
And a team much stronger than yours,
Violate me this'll be your day, we don't play and
Mess around, be D.O.A., be on your way
Cause it ain't enough time here, ain't enough lime here
For you to shine here, deal with many women
But treat dimes fair,
And I'm bigger than the city lights down in Times Square
Yeah, yeah yeah

CHORUS:
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the mo money we come across
The mo problems we see (2x)

(Notorious B.I.G.)

Uhh, uhh
B-I-G P-O, P-P-A
No info, for the, D.E.A.
Federal agents mad cause I'm flagrant
Tap my cell, and the phone in the basement
My team supreme, stay clean
Triple beam lyrical dream, I be that
Cat you see at all events bent
Gats in holsters girls on shoulders
Playboy, I told ya, bring ya might to me,
Bruise too much, I lose too much
Step on stage the girls boo too much
I guess it's cause you run with lame dudes too much
Me lose my touch, never that
If I did, ain't no problem to get the gat
Where the true players at?
Throw your rolees in the sky
Wave em side to side and keep your hands high
While I give your girl the eye, player please
Lyrically, nigga see
B.I.G. be flossin jig on the cover of Fortune
Five double oh, here's my phone number
your man ain't got to know, I got the dough
Got the flow down pizzack,
platinum plus like thizzat,
dangerous on trizzack, leave your ass blizzack

Chorus(3x)

What's goin on?
What's goin on?
Somebody tell me
What's goin on?
What's goin on?

Chorus (until fade)
[Peter Gunz]
New York to the heart, but got love for all
Lie and die in the fire, where I learned to ball
Uptown is the place where I lay my dome
On the streets of the Bronx where my fa-mi-ly roam
Hoe damn it, we home, Peter got a nine millimeter
Playa haters can feel the flame from my heater
I never really liked to play a fool like that
But I love to succeed and see foes fall flat...
... splat, like Deja Vu
And I got another clip that'll daze y'all crew
I sip Cristal, Dom P, Mo' with pist-al
Just cause I'm pissy, don't mean you should misdoubt
Keep em near da fifties and, hundreds all arranged
Anything less than that, you keep the change
Not filthy rich, but bitch I'm barely broke
Blessed with flows that keep you hooked like dope
Friends call me Gunz, sons call me trife
Cause I'm quick to slide off and slide this dick up in your wife
And that's life, you should learn how to treat her
I guarantee Peter, knows how to eat her
and beat her, niggaz in the Bronx call me Lex
cause I push a Lex, and I rock a Rolex
and I lounge on Lex', and I love sex
And I wave techs on sets that be tryin to flex
Like Dex, nigga God rest your soul
But when you're playin cards for Gunz, it ain't time to fold, ho

Chorus: Peter Gunz, Lord Tariq (two parts)

[Peter Gunz]
New York niggaz got crazy game
But outta town niggaz is all the same
Brooklyn niggaz get crazy loot
That's because when it's beef they ain't scared to shoot
Harlem niggaz know how to play
Mack the 600, gettin crazy pay
Niggaz outta Queens got shit on lock
Strapped with the glock, runnin up in yo' spot

[Lord Tariq]
But if it wasn't for the Bronx
this rap shit probably never would be going on
so tell me where you from?
PG:
Intro: (from the motion picture "Fresh")

(What you doin' on our turf, punk?
Got a message for Smokey.
Give it.
You Smokey, man?
Give it!
If you ain't Smokey, it ain't yo' motherfuckin' message
Motherfucker, I said gimme the message!
It's from Willie, in the slam.
Nigga, you been busted?
Yeah, the man picked me up.
Well, I ain't got no fuckin' time to play witchu! Now gimme the message.
Willie's in Warwick, doin' 1-3. Told me to tell y'all motherfuckers to
keep cool. He be out one way or another. Quick. Maybe I could stick
around for awhile.
Naw, that's out, man. You know? What can we, The Lords, do with a punk like
you?
Kiss my ass, motherfucker! (Burn 'em) Just me and you, motherfucker, just
me and you. I put trademarks around your fuckin' eye!)

(Portrayin', won't be payin'. Uh huh, Uh huh)
(Yeah, no doubt, no doubt, this Wally champ cat. Yeah, it's on this one)

Raekwon:

Yo, Gambino niggas who swipe theirs
Deluxe rap cavaliers
Midgets who steal beers, give 'em theirs

Chorus: Raekwon

Sit back jollyin'
My team be gamin' like three card Rolly an'
Drug Somalians pollyin'

Verse One: Raekwon

Many raps they crochetin'
Ay yo Iron, these niggas portrayin'
But haven't been payin'
For real, slide on these niggas like flesh fear
Caesar fade style, usually tough grenade
Throw a blade, fuck gettin' laid
Guzzle this shit like Gatorade
Big-dick Wallies have never half-suede
Connectin' with the hot style is done
Light up a chalis
I run with nuttin' but the wildest, foulest
Come on now, long-dick style
Niggas on the hit out, ay yo Iron bite my shit out
Eventually, bust a rap gun mentally
Been doin' this century kid, just meant to be
Get on your knees and bless me with a gem in the Caribbean
Skiin' off by P.M.
Snatch Canadian cream with Scandinavians
Fellatium style, play it like thirty-two Arabians
The greatest lesson is don't owe, you might get stole on
When I go bury me wit Valow on

(They come to me, and understand, just let me get mines first. Then after I
get mines, y'all can do what y'all wanna do. Fuck 'em up bad)

Verse Two: Ghostface

'Sho 'nuff, hit the bank and thrust
Cool Nauticas Jamie Summer got trained on the tour bus
We upgrade, swallow raw eggs, read the label
Hittin' white-label, left the Winnebago unstable
Smooth sailin', walked in, my earth started kneelin'
Started stealin', I'm too ill, see we're bellin' at the parlay
Kicked up, mack, max motion
Michael Bolton magazine call, I'm too potent
Louisville mix pain kill rap, Fuck benadryl
The violin in 'Knowledge God' sounded ill
Tremendously obnoxious, no blotches
My telephone watch'll leave bartenders topless
Dead on the prosecutor, smacked a juror
Me and my girl'll run like Luke and Laura
We sit back on Malayan islands
Sippin' mix drinks out of boat coconut bowls, we whylin'

(Break) Raekwon:

Sit back jollyin', Uh huh, Uh huh
Uh huh, Uh huh, Sit back jollyin'
Uh huh, Uh huh, Uh huh, Uh huh

(Chorus) x 2

Sit back

Verse Three: Cappadonna

Deep meditation sound orientated, war the blizzard
Rap para-medical the wizard
Cappadonna, never caterin' to none
My microphone and three verse weigh a ton of slaughter
You oughta five thousand back across the water
My laboratory story keep me flowin' with the glory
Acapella or deep dirty instrumental
I could blow the sky like the stormy wind blew
One gallon of whylin', Park Hill profilin'
I cut your face up rough fifty sure while you're smilin'
For violatin' my position,
I leave you smoked like a crackhead on a mission
Two tokes of mic dope, one stroke of elegance
Rated like the movie graphic told intelligence
Person to person, it'd be hard for you to take a trophy
You better off to get somebody out to try to smoke me
'Cause I'm P-L-O T-K-O every day
Dancehall General, Party Fanatic Colonel
Cappadonna son'a old school just go infernal
Veteran for rappin' with the new set of rule of hard rappin'
Ninety-six jive, I keep the live crowd clappin'
When I bow, all praises due to Staten Isle
I spark the mic and Shaolin spark the methtical
Every evenin', I have a by myself meetin'
Thinkin' who's gonna be the next to catch a beatin'
From my mental slangin', bitchin' rap twist the point of warfare
I brutalize, all competition catch ill hair
Chance him, that's what they said, threw up a ransom
I jacked it, stripped the beat naked and packed it
Gimme my rewards

(The way I, the way I wanna get 'em. I want 'em gotten. I want 'em layin'
out. I want 'em gotten. 'Cause niggas need to be gotten. He need to be
taken off of here. That's right.)
What....wha...
5'9! I'm the King!
wha...yea...wha

[Da Hook1]R59
Imma rhyme til I can't rhyme no more
Burn til I can't burn no more
Shine til there's no shine no more
Til the earth can't turn no more
Until I'm 5'9 no nore (I'm the king!) (2x)


Ya'll niggaz is real cocky on the street
Til I drop you on ya knees
Knock you on ya feet, I'm like Rocky on the reach
I rain while you hope to sustain dope in this game
Somethin' you can't stop, you can only hope to contain
I can aim so I blaze my tool
I got a name from usin' pocket change to pay my dues (niggaz know!)
I'm sharp as a shank and about as soft as you think
I'm hangin from the cross of your link, you get offered a drink
Niggaz is fast learners, you're only as hot as the back burner
From mad rappers and clap burners
Talk to the foot thinkin' you real
I'm starin' at the face of ya bill forgettin' how George Washington looks
You came to box a nigga that's flat out dirty
Just name the spot and I'll be there a half hour early
I write for the purpose to express a view
A nigga that's wack? You a nigga that I don't like as a person

[Da Hook2]I1
Imma blast til I can't blast no more
bash til it aint mash no more
grind til i cant grind no more
shot til there aint no nine no more
Until I'm I1 no nore (I'm the king!) (2x)

[Da Hook1]R59
Imma rhyme til I can't rhyme no more
Burn til I can't burn no more
Shine til there's no shine no more
Til the earth can't turn no more
Until I'm 5'9 no nore (I'm the king!) (2x)

I'm in shape to give you a quick whoopin', hard asshole in the wall
Frownin' up, niggaz thinkin' you sick cuz you sick lookin'
I'm heated, an' I'm-a go to trial blowin' my triggers
Ya'll niggaz ain't rough, you need to smile more in ya pictures
Split somebody, and serve the nigga whose style you bit
That bit like 10 niggaz that bit somebody
Top of the world, all that's around you is beneath me
Me learnin' from your mistakes is the only way you can teach me
Mo' thunder, cockin' big heat
So undergrounds niggaz wit' beef can get mo' under, 6 feet
Man ya missles, I plan to dis you
Unleash wit' about 30 punches before the first lands and hits you
Niggaz I doubt ya'll cuz I'm an outlaw
Right-handed, built wit' a left that can arm wrestle a southpaw
Gun shine bright, (ya'll niggaz?) ya'll need to rhyme like 5'9
Unsigned wit' hype... (King!)

[Da Hook]R59
Imma rhyme til I can't rhyme no more
Burn til I can't burn no more
Shine til there's no shine no more
Til the earth can't turn no more
Until I'm 5'9 no nore (I'm the king!) (2x)



(scratches)
I'm the kiiiiiiiing....on the microphone
I'm the kiiiiiiiing....no, no I ain't jokin'
I'm the kiiiiiiiing....that's in command, that's in command
I'm the kiiiiiiiing....on the microphone
I'm the kiiiiiiiing....the funk rhymin' master
I'm the kiiiiiiiing....that's in command, that's in command

I'm the kiiiiiiiing....
[Chorus - Will.i.am and Martin Luther King]
(I am happy...I Have a Dream) I got a Dream
(That One Day ) Were gonna work it out out out
(That One Day ) Were gonna work it out out out
(That One Day ) Were gonna work it out
(I Have a Dream) I got a Dream
(That One Day ) Were gonna work it out out out
(That One Day ) Were gonna work it out out out
(That One Day ) Were gonna work it out
(I Have a Dream) I got a Dream
(That One Day) That one day
(That One Day) I'ma look deep within myself
(I Have a Dream) I gotta find a way...
My Dream Is To Be Free
My Dream Is To Be
My Dream Is To Be
My Dream Is To Be Free

[Verse 1]
In search of brighter days, I ride through the maze of the madness,
Struggle is my address, where pain and crack lives,
Gunshots comin' from sounds of Blackness,
Given this game with no time to practice,
Born on the Black list, told I'm below average,
A life with no cabbage,
That's no money if you from where I'm from,
Funny, I just want some of your sun
Dark clouds seem to follow me,
Alcohol that my pops swallowed bottled me,
No apology, I walk with a boulder on my shoulder,

It's a Cold War - I'm a colder soldier,
Hold the same fight that made Martin Luther the King,
I ain't usin' it for the right thing,
In between Lean and the fiens, hustle and the schemes,
I put together pieces of a Dream
I still have one

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
The world's seen me lookin' in the mirror,
Images of me, gettin' much clearer,
Dear Self, I wrote a letter just to better my soul,
If I don't express it then forever I'll hold, inside
I'm from a side where we out of control,
Rap music in the 'hood played a fatherly role,
My story's like yours, yo it gotta be told,
Tryna make it from a gangsta to a godlier role,
Read scrolls and stow slaves,
And Jewish people in cold cage,
Hate has no color or age, flip the page,
Now my rage became freedom,
Writin' dreams in the dark, they far but I can see 'em,
I believe in Heaven more than Hell,
Blessings more than jail,
In the ghetto let love prevail,
With a story to tell, my eyes see the glory and well,
The world waitin' for me to yell "I Have a Dream"

[Chorus]
If you havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one, hit me
He's gotta mike

He's got the rap patrol on the gat patrol
Foes that wanna make sure his casket's closed
Rap critics that say he's "Money Cash Hoes"
He's from the hood stupid, what type of facts are those

If you grew up with holes in your zapitos
You'd celebrate the minute you was havin' doe
So, fuck critics, you can kiss our whole asshole
If you don't like my lyrics, you can press fast forward

Beef with radio, if we don't play they show
They don't play out hits, we don't give a shit, so
All these mags try and use our ass
So, advertisers can give 'em more cash for ads, fuckers

I don't know what you take us as
Or understand the intelligence that Jay-Z has
From rags to riches, nigga, we ain't dumb
We got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one, hit me

99 problems but a bitch ain't one
If you havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one

And the year is '94 and in my trunk is raw
In the rear view mirror is the mother fuckin' law
I got two choices ya'll, pull over the car or
Bounce on the Devil, put the pedal to the floor

Now, I ain't tryin' to see no highway chase with Jake
Plus, I got a few dollars, I can fight the case
So, I pull over to the side of the road
I heard, "Son, do you know what I'm stoppin you for?"

'Cause I'm young and I'm black and my hats real low
Do I look like a mind reader, Sir? I don't know
Am I under arrest or should I guess some mo?
You was doin' fifty five in a fifty four

License and registration and step out of the car
Are you carryin' a weapon on you? I know alot of you are
Well, I ain't steppin' out of shit, all my papers legit
But do you mind if I look around the car a little bit?

Well, my glove compartment is locked so is the trunk and the back
And I know my rights, so, you gon' need a warrant for that
Aren't you sharp as a tack, get me some type of lawyer or some
Somebody important or somethin'?

Ha, I ain't pass the bar but I know a little bit
Enough that you won't illegally search my shit
We'll see how smart you are when the K-9's come
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one, hit me

99 problems but a bitch ain't one
If you havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one, hit me

99 problems but a bitch ain't one
If you havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one, hit me

99 problems but a bitch ain't one
If you havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one, hit me

99 problems but a bitch ain't one
If you havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one

Now, once upon a time, not too long ago
A nigga like myself had to strong arm a hoe
This is not a hoe in the sense of havin' a pussy
But a pussy havin' no goddamn sense, try and push me

I tried to ignore him and talk to the Lord
Pray for him 'cause some fools just love to perform
You know the type, loud as a motor bike
But wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight

The only thing that's gonna happen is I'ma get to clappin'
He and his boys gon' be yappin' to the captain
And there I go traped in the kit, kat again
Back through the system with the riff, raff again

Fiends on the floor scratchin' again
Paparatzi's with they cameras snappin' them
D A tried to give the nigga the shaft again
Half-a-mil for bail 'cause I'm African

All because this fool was harrasin' them
Tryin' to play the boy like he's saccarin
But ain't nothin' sweet 'bout how I hold my gun
I got 99 problems, being a bitch ain't one

99 problems but a bitch ain't one
If you havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one, hit me

99 problems but a bitch ain't one
If you havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one, hit me

Shut up when I'm talking to you
Shut up, shut up, shut up
Shut up when I'm talking to you
Shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up
I'm about to break

(Everything you say to me)
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one, hit me
(I need a little room to breathe)
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one, hit me

(Everything you say to me)
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one, hit me
(I need a little room to breathe)
I got 99 problems and I'm about to break



[Intro]
Hahaha
I told niggas not to shoot dice with me
Look at this stack
I got money
I got money
Hahaha

[50 Cent]
Aww nigga don't trip
I'll kill ya if you f**k with my grip
I won't hesitate to let off a clip
Aww nigga don't trip
You gon' make me get on some shit
Run up on you quick
What up, you're whipped
Aww nigga don't trip
You gon' get ya monkey ass hit
Run in ya whip tryna f**k with my clique
Aww nigga don't trip
Case you didn't know who this is
Its 50 Cent bitch, G-Unit
Aww nigga don't trip

[Verse 1- 50 Cent]
I come through your hood, stuntin' in my yellow lam
murcielago top down, nigga damn
I'm the biggest crook from New York since son of Sam
Cruisin', bumpin' Bugz shit, ruger in my hand
Thinkin' the east ain't enough, its time to expand
I plan to head out west and plant my feet down
A nigga big as King Kong in the street now
I do a lil house shoppin', and buy me a crib
Its palm trees and pretty bitches out in Cali kid
I touched the Hollywood paper, go and shoot me some flicks
Have some supermodel bitches come and suck on some dick


My mom turn in her grave if I married a white chick
But baby'll suck the chrome off the Chevy and shit
niggas be wearin' fake signs, I'm rockin' a lil charm
Thirty karrots on the pinky, kiss the ring on the Don
Crack open that Cali bud, stuff the weight in the bomb

[Chorus- 50 Cent]
nigga you hustle, but me I hustle harder
I got what you need, them trees, that heart, that powder
My niggas with gee packs, devour on the hour
They shoot when I say shoot, so I'm in the position of power
You f**k around if you wanna

[Verse 2- 50 Cent]
Where I'm from, you learn to blend in, or get touched
I don't need niggas for support, I don't walk with a crutch
niggas know my stage, they don't f**k with me son
You got an appetite for hollow-tips, I'll feed you my gun
This is that ferrari F-50, shit its real layed back
Type shit you recline to in the Maybach
I got two suiters now, on the run from the fuzz
You get the same shit for ten bodies, you get for one 'cause
I live life in the fast lane, 100 miles an hour, chrome and some wood grain
You know a nigga still really tryna move cane
Make a lil extra money on the side mayn
I ain't playin', I'm up early with the birds word
Puttin' that work in, pirrellis on the Porsche chirpin'(I'm kaing movies)
I got a hundred mill from music, a hundred grand from crack
Goin' to see my jeweler, so I can blow a stack

[Chorus- 50 Cent]
nigga you hustle, but me I hustle harder
I got what you need, them trees, that heart, that powder
My niggas with gee packs, devour on the hour
They shoot when I say shoot, so I'm in the position of power
You f**k around if you wanna
Chorus:
Ain't nobody dope as me I'm dressed so fresh so clean
(So fresh and so clean clean)
Know you think I'm so sexy I'm dressed so fresh so clean
(So fresh and so clean clean)
Ain't nobody dope as me I'm dressed so fresh so clean
(So fresh and so clean clean)
I love when you stare at me I'm dressed so fresh so clean
(So fresh and so clean clean)

Sir Luscious got gator belts and patty melts and Monte Carlo's
And El Dorado's I'm waking up out of my slumber feeling like Rollo
So follow it's Showtime at the Apollo
Minus the Kiki Shepard what about a ho in a leopard-print
Teddy Pender-grass cooler than Freddie Jackson
Sippin a milkshake in a snowstorm
Left my throat warm in the dorm room at the AU
We blew hey too, athletes might cake you
But you must have me mistaken with them statements that you make
Cause

Chorus

Canary yellow seven-nine Seville is on display
My nigga Bongo hooked it up Omar gone dip my rims today
So a nigga can ride out to the honeycomb hideout
I'ma show you how to wild out like Jack Trippa
Let me be bambino on your snipples
YKK on yo zippa lick you like a lizard
When I'm slizzard or sober 6 million ways to fold ya
Like Noahs I get two's of you and you get pretty deep
But I'll call yo ass round 8-ish I know you'll be there for me
Cause

Chorus

Those huge baby eyes get to runnin off at they mouth
Tellin me everything that's on yo nasty mind
They say your malnutrition in need of vitamin D
And inviting me to that tingle in yo spine
I love who you are I love who ya ain't you so Anne Frank
Let's hit the attic to hide out for bout two weeks
Rick James and no chains and whips I do suck lips
Till hips jerk and double time the boy next door's a freak
Ha Ha

Chorus

(Ah we are...) the coolest motherfunkers on the planet
(Ah my my...) the sky is fallin ain't no need to panic
(Ah ooh ooh ....) I got a stick and want yo automatic
(Ah ooh ooh...) Compatible created in the attic
(repeat)

Chorus 2x
[speaking softly, gradually getting louder]
One time.. yeah.. yeah..

Yo, all I need is one mic, one beat, one stage
One nigga front, my face on the front page
Only if I had one gun, one girl and one crib
One God to show me how to do things his son did
Pure, like a cup of virgin blood; mixed with
151, one sipll make a nigga flip
Writin names on my hollow tips, plottin shit
Mad violence who Im gon body, this hood politics
Ackowledge it, leave bodies chopped in garbages
Seeds watch us, grow up and try to follow us
Police watch us {*siren*} roll up and try knockin us
One knee I ducked, could it be my time is up
But my luck, I got up, the cop shot again
Bus stop glass bursts, a fiend drops his heineken
Richochetin between the spots that Im hidin in
Blackin out as I shoot back, fuck gettin hit! [more sirens]
This is my hood ima rep, to the death of it
til everybody come home, little niggaz is grown
Hoodrats, dont abortion your womb, we need more warriors soon
Sip from the star sun and the moon
In this life of police chases street sweepers and coppers
Stick-up kids with no conscience, leavin victims with doctors
If you really think you ready to die, with nines out
This is what nas is bout, nigga the time is now!

[whispering again]
Yo, all I need is one mic..
All I need is one mic.. thats all I need
All I need is one mic.. all I need niggaz
All I need is one mic.. yeah

[gradually getting louder]
All I need is one blunt, one page, and one pen
One prayer - tell God forgive for one sin
Matter fact maybe more than one, look back
At all the hatred against me, fuck alla them
Jesus died at age 33, theres thirty-three shots
From twin glocks theres sixteen apiece, thats thirty-two
Which means, one of my guns was holdin 17
Twenty-seven hit your crew, six went into you
Everybody gotta die sometime; hope your funeral
Never gets shot up, bullets tear through the innocent
Nothin is fair, niggaz roll up, shootin from wheelchairs
My heart is racin, tastin revenge in the air
I let the shit slide for too many years, too many times
Now Im strapped with a couple of macs, too many nines
If yall niggaz really wit me get busy load up the semis
Do more than just hold it explode the clip until you empty
Theres nothin in our way - they bust, we bust, they rust, we rust
Led flyin, feel it? I feel it in my gut
That we take these bitches to war, lie em down
Cause we stronger now my nigga the time is now!!

[whispering again]
All I need is one mic.. thats all I need, thats all I need
All I need is one mic.. theres nuttin else in the world
All I need is one mic.. thats all a nigga need to do his thing yknow
All I need is one mic..

[starting loud this time, getting quieter]
All I need is one life, one try, one breath Im one man
What I stand for speaks for itself, they dont understand
Or wanna see me on top, too egotistical
Talkin all that slick shit, the same way these bitches do
Wonder what my secrets is, niggazll move on you
Only if they know, what your weakness is I have none
Too late to grab guns Im blastin cause Im a cool nigga
Thought I wouldnt have that ass done? fooled you niggaz
What you call a infinite brawl, eternal souls clashin
War gets deep, some beef is everlastin
Complete with thick scars, brothers knifin each other
Up in prison yards, drama, where does it start?
You know the block was ill as a youngster
Every night it was like a, cop would get killed body found in the dumpster
For real a hustler, purchased my range, niggaz throwin dirt on my name
Jealous cause fiends got they work and complain
Bitches left me cause they thought I was finished
Shoulda knew she wasnt true she came to me when her man caught a sentence
Diamonds are blindin, I never make the same mistakes
Movin with a change of pace, lighter load, see now the king is straight
Swellin my melon cause none of these niggaz real
Heard he was, tellin police, how can a kingpin squeal?
This is crazy, Im on the right track Im finally found
You need some soul searchin, the time is now

All I need is one mic.. yeah, yeah yeah yeah
All I need is one mic.. thats all I ever needed in this world, fuck cash
All I need is one mic.. fuck the cars, the jewelry
All I need is one mic.. to spread my voice to the whole world
[2Pac]
Damn, another funeral, another motherfucker
Lord knows * 'Pac is choking on blunt smoke *
Lord knows * coughing harder *
Lord knows * one final cough *

I smoke a blunt to take the pain out
And if I wasn't high, I'd probably try to blow my brains out
I'm hopeless, they shoulda killed me as a baby
And now they got me trapped in the storm, I'm goin crazy
Forgive me; they wanna see me in my casket
and if I don't blast I'll be the victim of them bastards
I'm loosin hope, they got me stressin, can the Lord forgive me
Got the spirit of a thug in me
Another sip of that drink, this Hennesey got me queasy
Don't wanna earl, young nigga take it easy
Picture your dreams on a triple beam, and it seems
don't underestimate the power of a fiend
To my homies on the block
slangin rocks with your glocks put this tape in your box
When you're runnin from the cops -- and never look back
If they could be black, then they would switch
Open fire on them busta-ass bitches, and Lord knows...

(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows * coughing again *
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows * still coughing *
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

I wonder if the Lord will forgive me or bury me a G
I couldn't let my adversaries worry me
and every single day it's a test, wear a bulletproof vest
and still a nigga stressin over death
If I could choose when a nigga die, figure I'd
take a puff on the blunt, and let my trigga fly
When everyday it's another death, with every breath,
it's a constant threat, so watch yo' step!
You could be next if you want to, who do you run to?
Murderin niggaz, look what it's come to
My memories bring me misery, and life is hard
in the ghetto, it's insanity, I can't breath
Got me thinkin, what do Hell got?
Cause I done suffered so much, I'm feelin shell-shocked
And driveby's an everyday thang
I done lost too many homies to this motherfuckin game
and Lord knows...

(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows!
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
The Lord knows
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

One-time! One-time!
Fuck the five-oh cause they after me
Kill me if they could, I'll never let em capture me
Done lost too many niggaz to this gangbangin
Homies died in my arms, with his brains hangin, fucked up!
I had to tell him it was alright, and that's a lie
and he knew it when he shook and died, my God
Even though I know I'm wrong man
Hennesey make a nigga think he strong, man (heh heh)
I can't sleep, so I stay up, don't wanna fuck them bitches
Try to calm me down, I ain't givin up
I'm gettin lost in the weed, man, gettin high
Livin everday, like I'm gon' die (gon' die, gon' die)
I smoke a blunt to take the pain out, and if I wasn't high
probably try to blow my brains out
Lord knows...

(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows!
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
Lord knows.. Jesus..
(He knows! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(He is listening! Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)

(Lord knows.. Lord knows.. he he.. he.. he.. heeee...)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
(Lord knows, Lord knows, Lord knows!)
I got a letter from the government
The other day
I opened and read it
It said they were suckers
They wanted me for their army or whatever
Picture me given' a damn - I said never
Here is a land that never gave a damn
About a brother like me and myself
Because they never did
I wasn't wit' it, but just that very minute...
It occured to me
The suckers had authority
Cold sweatin' as I dwell in my cell
How long has it been?
They got me sittin' in the state pen
I gotta get out - but that thought was thought before
I contemplated a plan on the cell floor
I'm not a fugitive on the run
But a brother like me begun - to be another one
Public enemy servin' time - they drew the line y'all
To criticize me some crime - never the less
They could not understand that I'm a Black man
And I could never be a veteran
On the strength, the situation's unreal
I got a raw deal, so I'm goin' for the steel

They got me rottin' in the time that I'm servin'
Tellin' you what happened the same time they're throwin'
4 of us packed in a cell like slaves - oh well
The same motherfucker got us livin' is his hell
You have to realize - what its a form of slavery
Organized under a swarm of devils
Straight up - word'em up on the level
The reasons are several, most of them federal
Here is my plan anyway and I say
I got gusto, but only some I can trust - yo
Some do a bid from 1 to 10
And I never did, and plus I never been
I'm on a tier where no tears should ever fall
Cell block and locked - I never clock it y'all
'Cause time and time again time
They got me servin' to those and to them
I'm not a citizen
But ever when I catch a C-O
Sleepin' on the job - my plan is on go-ahead
On the strength, I'ma tell you the deal
I got nothin' to lose
'Cause I'm goin' for the steel

You know I caught a C-O
Fallin' asleep on death row
I grabbed his gun - then he did what I said so
And everyman's got served
Along with the time they served
Decency was deserved
To understand my demands
I gave a warnin' - I wanted the governor, y'all
And plus the warden to know
That I was innocent -
Because I'm militant
Posing a threat, you bet it's fuckin' up the government
My plan said I had to get out and break north
Just like with Oliver's neck
I had to get off - my boys had the feds in check
They couldn't do nuthin'
We had a force to instigate a prison riot
This is what it takes for peace
So I just took the piece
Black for Black inside time to cut the leash
Freedom to get out - to the ghetto - no sell out
6 C-Os we got we ought to put their head out
But I'll give 'em a chance, cause I'm civilized
As for the rest of the world, they can't realize
A cell is hell - I'm a rebel so I rebel
Between bars, got me thinkin' like an animal
Got a woman C-O to call me a copter
She tried to get away, and I popped her
Twice, right
Now who wanna get nice?
I had 6 C-Os, now it's 5 to go
And I'm serious - call me delirious
But I'm still a captive
I gotta rap this
Time to break as time grows intense
I got the steel in my right hand
Now I'm lookin' for the fence

I ventured into the courtyard
Followed by 52 brothers
Bruised, battered, and scarred but hard
Goin' out with a bang
Ready to bang out
But power from the sky
And from the tower shots rang out
A high number of dose - yes
And some came close
Figure I trigger my steel
Stand and hold my post
This is what I mean - an anti-nigger machine
If I come out alive and then they won't - come clean
And then I threw up my steel bullets - flew up
Blew up, who shot...
What, who, the bazooka was who
And to my rescue, it was the S1Ws
Secured my getaway, so I just gotaway
The joint broke, from the black smoke
Then they saw it was rougher thatn the average bluffer
'Cause the steel was black, the attitude exact
Now the chase is on tellin' you to c'mon
53 brothers on the run, and we are gone
[Doctor] Scalpel
[Nurse] Here
[Doctor] Sponge
[Nurse] Here
[Doctor] Wait... he's convulsing, he's convulsing!
[Nurse] Ah!
[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him!
[Nurse] Oh my! Oh my God!
[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him!
[Nurse] Oh my God!

[Eminem]
These are the results of a thousand electric volts
A neck with bolts, "Nurse we're losin him, check the pulse!"
A kid who refused to respect adults
Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose
A corny lookin white boy, scrawny and always ornery
Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin on me
And I might snap, one day just like that
I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bikerack
(Whosssssh) My first day in junior high, this kid said
"It's you and I, three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die"
I looked at my watch it was one twenty
"I already gave you my lunch money what more do you want fromme?!?"
He said, "Don't try to run from me, you'll just make itworse..."
My palms were sweaty, and I started to shake at first
Something told me, "Try to fake a stomach ache it works"
I screamed, "Owww! My appendix feels like they could burst!
Teacher, teacher, quick I need a naked nurse!"
[N] "What's the matter?"
[E] "I don't know, my leg, it hurts!"
[N] "Leg?!? I thought you said it was your tummy?!?"
[E] "Oh, I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee!"
[N] "Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over
And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extrahomework."
[E] "But don't you wanna give me after school detention?"
[N] "Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'ma let him."

Chorus: repeat 2X

Brain damage, ever since the day I was born
Drugs is what they used to say I was on
They say I never knew which way I was goin
But everywhere I go they keep playin my song

[Eminem]
Brain damage...
Way before my baby daughter Hailey
I was harassed daily by this fat kid named D'Angelo Bailey
An eighth grader who acted obnoxious, cause his father boxes
So everyday he'd shove me in the lockers
One day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin
And had me in the position to beat me into submission
He banged my head against the urinal til he broke my nose
Soaked my clothes in blood, grabbed me and choked my throat
I tried to plead and tell him, "We shouldn't beef"
But he just wouldn't leave, he kept chokin me and I couldn'tbreathe
He looked at me and said, "You gonna die honkey!"
The principal walked in (What's going on in here?)
And started helpin him stomp me
I made them think they beat me to death
Holdin my breath for like five minutes before they finally left
Then I got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth
Kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four inch screws
Grabbed some sharp objects, brooms, and foreign tools
"This is for every time you took my orange juice
Or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk
Every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt
I'm gettin you back bully! Now once and for good."
I cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could
And beat him over the head with it til I broke the wood
Knocked him down, stood on his chest with one foot...
...Made it home, later that same day
Started reading a comic, and suddenly everything became gray
I couldn't even see what I was tryin to read
I went deaf, and my left ear started to bleed
My mother started screamin, "What are you on, drugs?!?
Look at you, you're gettin blood all over my rug!" (Sorry!)
She beat me over the head with the remote control
Opened a hole, and my whole brain fell out of my skull
I picked it up and screamed, "Look bitch, what have youdone?!?"
[M] "Oh my God, I'm sorry son"
[E] "Shut up you cunt!" I said, "Fuck it!"
Took it and stuck it back up in my head
Then I sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my neck

Chorus

[Eminem]
Brain damage...
It's brain damage...
I got brain damage...
It's brain damage...
It's probably brain damage...
It's brain damage...
Brain damage...
I got brain damage...
Has our conscience shown?
Has the sweet breeze blown?
Has all the kindness gone?
Hope still lingers on
I drink myself of newfound pity
Sitting alone in New York City
And I don't know why

Are we listening
To hymns of offering?
Have we eyes to see
That love is gathering?
All the words that I've been reading
Have now started the act of bleeding
Into one, into one

So I walk up on high
And I step to the edge
To see my world below
And I laugh at myself
While the tears roll down
'Cause it's the world I know
Oh it's the world I know

I drink myself of newfound pity
Sitting alone in New York City
And I don't know why, don't know why

So I walk up on high
And I step to the edge
To see my world below
And I laugh at myself
While the tears roll down
'Cause it's the world I know
Oh it's the world I know

Yeah, I walk up on high
And I step to the edge
To see my world below
And I laugh at myself
While the tears roll down
'Cause it's the world I know
Oh it's the world I know
When the lights go down
He'll be filling a pan with the broom in his hand
In some drive across town
He'll be wiping the bar and mopping the floor
Countin his tips and locking the doors
Wrestling the devil that tells him to pour another round
When the lights go down

She'll be callin her friends from her Mercedes Benz
But it's too late now
They were there for the fame, the flash, and the thrill
The drop of the name, the parties, the pills
As another star falls from the Hollywood hills without a sound

When the lights go down
And there's nothing left to be
When the lights go down
And the truth is all you see
When you feel that hole inside your soul
You wonder what you're made of
well, we all find out
When the lights go down

When the lights go down
At the end of the day when this game that I play
has gone another round
As I lay there alone on this big empty bed
With nothing but thoughts of you in my head
I think of the things that I wish I had said.
When you were still around.

When the lights go down, yeah
And there's nothing left to be
When the lights go down
And the truth is all you see
And I wonder if all my life's about the sum
Of all my fears and all my doubts
Yeah, when the lights go down.

When the lights go down, ooh
And there's nothing left to be
When the light go down, yeah
And the truth is all you see
When you feel that hole inside your soul
You wonder what you're made of
Well we all find out
When the lights go down

Ooh, when the lights go down.
Verse one:

Standing by the speaker, suddenly I had this
Fever, was it me or either summer madness
Cuz I just can't stand around
So I get closer and the closer I get, the better it sound
My mind starts to activate, rhymes collaborate
Cuz When i heard the beat, I just had to make
Something from the top of my head
So I fell into the groove of the wax and I said
How could I move the crowd
First of all, ain't no mistakes allowed
Here's the instruction, put it together
It simple ain't it but quite clever
Some of you been trying to write rhymes for years
But weak ideas irritate my ears
Is this the best that you can make?
Cuz if not and you got more, I'll wait
But don't make me wait too long coz I'm a move on
The dancefloor when they put something smooth on
So turn up the bass, it's better when it's loud
Cuz I like to move the crowd

Move the crowd...

Verse two:

Imagine me wit the heat that's made by solar,
It gets stronger everytime I hold a
Microphone, check the tone to get started
The line for the microphone is departed
So leave it up to me, my DJ is mixing
Everyone is moving or eager to listen
Your hands in the air, your mouth, shut!
Cuz I'm on the mic and Eric B is on the cut
For those that know me, indeed I like to flow
Especially when the music's going slow
It gives me a chance to let everybody know
It's time to bust out the Rakim show
I'm the intelligent wise on the mic I will rise
Right in front of your eyes cuz I am a surprise
So I'ma let my knowledge be born to a perfection
All praise due to Allah and that's a blessing
Wit knowledge of self, there's nothing I can't solve
At 360 degrees, I revolve
This is actual fact, it's not an act, it's been proven,
Indeed and I proceed to make the crowd keep moving

Move the crowd...
It takes two to make a thing go right
It takes two to make it outta sight
Hit it!

I wanna rock right now
I'm Rob Base and I came to get down
I'm not internationally known
But I'm known to rock the microphone
Because I get stoopid, I mean outrageous
Stay away from me if you're contagious
'Cause I'm the winner, no, I'm not the loser
To be an M.C. is what I choose 'a
Ladies love me, girls adore me
I mean even the ones who never saw me
Like the way that I rhyme at a show
The reason why, man, I don't know
So let's go, 'cause

It takes two to make a thing go right
It takes two to make it outta sight
Hit it!

My name is Rob, I gotta real funky concept
Listen up, 'cause I'm gonna keep you in step
I got an idea
That I wanna share
You don't like it? So what, I don't care
I'm number one, the uno, I like comp
Bring all the suckers 'cause all them I'll stomp
Bold and black but I won't protect
All of my followers 'cause all I want is respect
I'm not a doctor, put them in rapture
A slick brother that can easy outfox ya
Cause I'm Rob, the last name Base, yeah
And on the mike, I'm known to be the freshest
So let's start, it shouldn't be too hard
I'm not a sucker so I don't need a bodyguard
I won't fess, wear a bulletproof vest
Don't smoke buddha, can't stand sess, yes

It takes two to make a thing go right
It takes two to make it outta sight
Hit it!

The situation that the Base is in
I'm kinda stingy that's why I don't wanna lend
A funky rhyme to a foe or a good friend
But listen up 'cause I want you to comprehend
'Cause I'm the leader, the man superior
I take care of ya and then ya get wearier
So just sit, my rhymes arenot counterfeit
The record sells which makes this one a hit
It won't hurt to listen to Red Alert
Take off your shirt
Make sure it don't hit the dirt
I like the kids--the guys, the girls
I want the ducats 'cause this is Rob Base's world
I'm on a mission, ya better just listen
To my rhymes 'cause I'm all about dissin'
'Cause

It takes two to make a thing go right
It takes two to make it outta sight
Hit it!

I stand alone, don't need anyone
'Cause I'm Rob, just came ot have fun
Don't need friends that act like foes
'Cause I'm Rob Base, the one who knows
About things that make ya get weary
Don't cheer me, just hear me
Out 'cause I got the clout--shout (Ho!)
Before I turn the party out
I won't stutter--
Project my voice, speak clearly
So you can be my choice
On stage or on record
Go to the Wiz and select it
Take it off the rack, if it's wack put it back
I like the Whopper, fuck the Big Mac
If you want static, so let's go
So, throw upyour hands
Go for what you know
Bro', I got an ego
Yo, talkin' to me? No
Oh
'Cause Rob is in the front, EZ Rock is on the Back up
We're not soft, soyou better just slack up
'Cause I'm cool, calm just like a breeze
Rock the mike with the help of EZ
Rock on the set, the music plays
Only cuts the records that I say

It takes two to make a thing go right
It takes two to make it outta sight
Hit it!

All right, now, EZ Rock
now, when I count to three
I want you ot get busy
You ready now?
One, two, three, get loose now!

It takes two to make a thing go right
It takes two to make it outta sight
Hit it!
Here we go

Yo, a day in the life of a player named Quik
I'm just a stubborn kind of fellow with a head like a brick
And just because I drink the 8, they say that I'm hopeless
But I don't give a fuck, so blame it on the loc-est
Now this is how we do it when we checkin a grip
Teddy Bear's in the house, so don't even trip
We're bustin funky compositions as smooth as a prism
So check it while I kick it to this funky ass rhythm
It's Friday morning, the phone is ringin off the hook *brrrrrring*
And AMG is puttin down girl rhymes in his notebook
Or should I say dope sack, because we don't bust wack *brrrrrring*
I pick up the phone and it's the D (whassup nigga?)
He said he's comin down at about two on the dot
So I'm about to rush the tub while my water's still hot
And now I'm soakin, a brother like the devestatin DJ Quik ain't jokin
Fuck with me on DSP and you'll get broken
My name is Quik, but you can call me Daddy
Yo open up the door, they think I'm Freak Man in a Caddy
Now Freaky's in an El doggin shabbies in at Alco
And everybody's sippin on a quart (here we go)
D just came with a forty and a quart
In addition to the three that Greedy just brought
But I don't wanna start early, so I just might
put my forty in the freezer cause I wanna get bent *tonite*

Tonight's the nite (yeah) *tonite*
Tonight is the nite *tonite*
Tonight's the nite (yo when we gon get bent) *tonite*
Tonight is the nite (aww yeah)

And now I'm out of the tub up in a fancy freak
Spray on some serious and put on my Girbaud jeans
Sweatsuit, the gray one with the burgundy trim
And it's a medium, fit me proper cause I'm nice and slim
Five thirty on the clock and the sun is steadily sinkin
And I am steadily thinkin about the 8 that I'll be drinkin
You know I ain't ashamed and you know I ain't bashful
So go on and pop the forty so I can pour me a glassful
Ham is in the bedroom rollin up a stencil
Fatter than a pinky and the length of a pencil
Freakie lit it up and hit it one two three
Shabby took a hit and then they pass it to me
It's the bomb!!!
Yo I can feel my senses Get numb!!!
Yo fuck the forty ounce I need some rum!!!
I'm chillin like a villain Here I come!!!
And that's how I'm livin
Tonight is the nite and I'm lookin real sporty
Proper Friday evening and I'm ready to party
Crusher came in with a handful of snaps
Fuck it, let's shoot some craps
(Yo what they in fo') A fin or a half
(Yo shoot that ten nigga) Don't make me laugh
Hi-C want a dove and he think that shit is funny
But I'm seven and eleven and I'm takin niggaz money *tonite*

Tonight's the nite (yeah watch me fuck the hoe) *tonite*
Tonight is the nite (passin naturals on motherfuckers) *tonite*
Tonight's the nite (yo, I'm unfadable) *tonite*
Tonight is the nite (ahh let's break it down, so I can get funky)

*tonite*

Ahh yeah
Givin em somethin they can roll on, hold on

Wake up Saturday morning and I got a headache
I can't believe that I'm sick from all the shit that I drank
*last nite* Soon as I felt it comin on
I should quit, it's true that a drunk ain't shit
To the man up above, the whole thanks I give
I'll never drink again if you just let me live
Mike P spoke to me and I said I couldn't call it
Call it Earl like a mother while I'm grippin the toilet
I need a 7-Up, because my head is spinnin
Round and round I think I better sit down
My homey Shot is alright, but I'm feeling faint
I guess he's used to it, but a nigga like Quik ain't
K is on the phone, and Teddy's at the door
Some fine ass bitches comin over at four
(I thought you ain't drinkin no more) Yeah right
Because as soon as they come, we doin the same ol shit *tonite*

Tonight's the nite (yeah) *tonite*
Tonight is the nite (straight gettin fucked up, heyyy) *tonite*
Tonight's the nite (fuck that pass me that pina colada) *tonite*
(man I don't wanna fade that 8 Ball no mo)
Tonight is the nite (that shit be fuckin a nigga up) *tonite*
Tonight's the nite (ahh yeah nothin but a party and I'm kickin it)
(what's up Pete and Greg) *tonite*
Tonight is the nite (how you livin?) *tonite*
Tonight's the nite (hey somebody get that nigga a Genuine Draft)
(yeah) *tonite*
Tonight is the nite (and on that motherfuckin note, I'm outta here)
(See-ya) *tonite*

*tonite*
*tonite*
*tonite*
*tonite*

*tonite*
*tonite*
*tonite*

*tonite*
*tonite*
*tonite*

We out (what about peace?) Fuck peace nigga, give me another brew
(Scarface whispering):
I don't really remember feeling like this

Got this love formin' in my life?rom this dame
And indeed took the form of life?t's a shame
How a man can fall in love with dreams--not afraid
Not afraid to let you up and leave
Do your thang MaryJane mess with all my folks?ot 'em high
For the days that they were lost and broke??hit got 'em by
Only right was stopping it from props
Plus she from the block of only finer crops
Do your thang MaryJane

chorus:
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Happy just to hear your name
Do your than MaryJane
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary

When the world starts to stress you out?hat you do?
Put a cancer stick up in your mouth?r grab a brew
Sold in stores but the fact remains is?hey the blame
And the government's been taxin' that ( )-- gettin' paid
If it's taxable it's cool to smoke--kill or not
And the alcohol is killin' folks?true or not
Other people try to make you bad--but I know you not
When my situation's lookin' sad I know I got
A true friend in my time of needll I need
Your natural you come from seeds decree
Makes me happy when I'm feelin' pain
Once again makes me happy just to hear your name
Do your thang MaryJane

chorus:
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Happy just to hear your name
MaryJane do your thang
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary

When you sad depressed and feeling strange?ho you blame
Need some company to keep you saneall her name
MaryJane I love you MaryJane??o your thang
You're all I need to get me through this thang?rue to game
You aint never made me stash my thang??cratch the brain
Anything you've always kept me tamend its plain
For me to see that you my everythingaryJane
MaryJane helps to ease the brain?hen you hang
Through the seasons you aint never change??tayed the same
Never seen what people seen in speed?ou became
Naturally you everything we need??o the thang
Do your thang baby true indeed
Do your thang MaryJane

Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Happy just to hear your name
MaryJane do your thang
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary

Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Mary, Mary, Mary,
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary
Intro: Greg Nice

Ah yeah, here's another Gangstarr sure shot, featuring the one and
only, uh heh heh heh handly handly boy, Nice &amp;amp; Smooth, hey, hey,
HEY, HEY!!!!

Ganstarr has got to be da sure shot
Nice &amp;amp; Smooth has got to be da sure shot
(Repeat 2X)

[Greg Nice]

Greg Nice!!! Greg N-I-C-E
Droppin dem basso, ah oui oui
Rock for a fee, not for free
Maybe I'll do it for charity
Now my employer or my employee
Is makin Greg N-I-C-E very M-A-D
Don't ever ever think of jerkin me
I work to hard for my royalty
Put lead in ya ass and drink a cup of tea
Peace to Red Alert and Kid Capri
Ooohh la la ah oui oui, I say Muhammad Ali, ya say Cassius Clay
I say butter you say Parkay
It's alright if ya wanna make a sway
I'm a way up town, took duece to the tre
I originate, they duplicate
I praise the lord and keep the faith
It's alright keep bitin at da bait
'92, uh!!, one year later
Peace out Premier take me out wit da fader

[Premier scratches and hooks]

[Guru]

I chant eenie meenie, minie moe
I wreck da mic like a pimp pimps hoes
Here's how it goes I am a genius I mean this
I shake this you'll take this
I'm kinda fiendish
You wish that you could come into my neighborhood
Meaning my mental state
Still I'm 5 foot 8
Crazy as I wanna be
Cause I make it orderly
You could say I'm sorta da boss so get lost
The brotha dat will make you change opinions
Dominions I'm in them when it's time to kick shit from
The heart, plus I get a piece of the action
I'm feelin satisfaction from the street crowd reaction
Chumps pull guns when they feel afraid, too late
When they dip in the kick they get sprayed
Lemonade was a popular drink and in still is
I get more props den stunts den Bruce Willis
A poet like Langston Hughes and can't lose when I cruise
Out on the expressway
Leavin the Bodega I say &amp;quot;suave&amp;quot;
Premier's got more beats den barns got hay
Clips are inserted into my gun
So I can take the money, neva have ta run

[Premier scratches and hooks]

[Smooth B]

I left my Phillie at home
Do you have another?
I wanna get blunted my brother
Now may I make a mark
Then make a spark over this phat track
Or should I say dope beat
Subtract, delete
All of the wick wack that wanna be abstract
But they lack the new knack that's comin from way way back
Hey yo Premier, please pass that buddha sack
You hear we quit?
No way, bullshit
I told ya before we come back wit more hits
I provide bright flava, so you could sketch me
Do me a favor, dont try and catch me
Slightly ahead of the game, I'm not a lame
Ask him, he'll tell you the same he knows my name
Smooth, I drop jewels like, paraphenalia
I'm infallable, not into failure
Like a rhinocerus, my speed is prosperous
And pure knowledge expands from my esophagus
I write here tonite to bring truth to the light
My dialogue is my own cause Smooth B will neva bite

[Premier scratches and hooks]
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Let the boys be boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Make noise b-boys!

Well here's another one (WHAT!)
In the gutter one (WHAT!)
Ghetto runnin em
Troblesome extra double double I come to beat em
The beat em and mistreat em
So what if that I'm cheating.
Every one wanna sound grimey.
Imma show you how come on (ALL AND TOGETHER NOW!)
Yeaah, ohh yeaah!
YEAH!
That's how we gotta be
so stop trying to beat loud as me cause you can't do that
Think about playin russian roulette with an atuomatic rifle
My ass against the line blast bullets first
On Line
Toughest step and a rep and a run packin a weapon its wild
Peace to the brothers on Rycher's Isle
Pumping up a trebble and didn't like he's criminally in buck my eye,
Oh my god I'm so high
Just they say a Rodney say you like a criminum, what does it take
to make you get
Making million children SLAM! Slam!

SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Let the boys be boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Make noise b-boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Let the boys be boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Make noise b-boys!

I'm the mean nasty grease smashing ever slow gashing (Ooohh)
Slickly swift blast of the ghastly stashin fashion
Then I provide I provide the you was cheat.
Beside the getto Vibe
Mak me feel like Jekly and Hyde OF CORSE
I come across with no fear
For sure!
Un-adult un-rated un-conformed
Digusted, busted you wanna touch it.
To hot! You forgot, you're not ready
You're head could get ruptered.
Hit between the eye
I planned the plan alive
I'm the plonic sonic
UH RULE WITH THE BADS GUYS
The villian (JUU), crooks (UUU),hot midas in confide us.
See the big black picture if you look inside of
My mind, it's graphic, expresstic graphic
So kill the copy cat because it's al mastered
Directin' it
When y`all least expected it
And thought it was safe ONYX hit you in the face so,

SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Let the boys be boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Make noise b-boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Let the boys be boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Make noise b-boys!

(STICKY FINGAZ)
I'm a b-boy
Standin in my b-boy stance
Hurry up and give me the microphone before I bust in my pants
The mad author of anguish
My language, Polluted
Onyx is heavyweight (Sonsee: And still undisputed!!)
He took the words right out my mouth and walked a mile in my shoes
I've paid so many dues, I feel used and abused
And I'm.... so confused
umm, excuse me, for example
I'm the inspiration, for a WHOLE generation
And unless you got 10 Sticky Fingers
Its straight immitation
A figment, of your imagination
But but but but wait it gets worse!!
I'm not watered down so I'm dyin of thirst
Comin thru wit a scam, a fullproof plan
B-boys make some noise, and just, JUST SLAM!

SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Let the boys be boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Make noise b-boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Let the boys be boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Make noise b-boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Let the boys be boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Make noise b-boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Let the boys be boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Make noise b-boys!
SLAM! duuh duuh duuh, duuh duuh duuh Let the boys be boys!
SLAM!
Baby, you understand me now If sometimes you see that I'm mad No one can always be an angel When everything goes wrong you see some bad Well I'm just a soul whose intentions are good Oh Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood [Common] Yeah, uh (Misunderstood) We do this, for the people that walk that path Tryna get to their dream, yeah, uh (oh) He stood on the corner with the rest of them Though he knew that this corner wasn't the best of him Hard streets and a life that crested him Dirt police domestic beefs that's festerin He knew the President wadn't addressin him Though dead presidents was undressin him Two kids from hot sex no protection and People don't see how AIDS is affectin 'em It get hard to get the get the God question in Can't find a job so you robbin and hustlin He killed marks and sold dope for cousin 'em Can't believe they would be the ones bucking him He on the ground he could feel God touching him He heard the sound of his moms sayin trust in him At heaven's gate, saying please Lord let me in Or send me back to tell my people to be better men [Chorus] Misunderstood 'Cause we are - Misunderstood Misunderstood, Don't let me be misunderstood I'm just human, oh [Common] Uh, yeah She dancin she dance she dance for them Her body move but her mind was manic'n Thinkin I don't know where they hands have been Relationships with men have been so damagin She thought back to when she was at Howard and Dreams of doing scenes with Terrence Howard and Broadway plays and dancin with Alv and them The ones that make it always ain't the talented Some dreams get lost never to be found again At first strippin seemed so empowerin Most every girl wanna do it now and then But bein meat every day is devourin Cats puttin paper where she put powder and Life would break her, now she powderin She was high when she fell down and then Crowd surrounding and, heart was poundin and She fell into a deep sleep the siren sounded and Seen bright lights in the midst of clouds and then Talked to God, feeling like his child again Said Lord let me live so I can make you proud again [Chorus] Misunderstood 'Cause we are - Misunderstood Misunderstood, Don't let me be misunderstood I'm just human, oh The life we lead, will always lead us And we pray that he, will never leave us It's the price we pay, I guess that's the reason Why my grandma sang, we all need Jesus [2x] Misunderstood, don't let me be, misunderstood Misunderstood, don't let me be, misunderstood I'm just human
[2Pac] Ahh yeah
[Down] Yeauhh!
[2Pac] It's all about you, one time!
[Down] I'ma say it's all about you baby, yeah
[2Pac] Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you
It's all about you
[Down] This Dru Down in the house, with my boy 'Pizznac
YouknowhatI'msayin?
[2Pac] It's all about you
[Down] Yeah I'm gon' say it's all about you
but you know I'm lyin though, hah! Yeauhh

[2Pac]
You probably crooked as the last trick; want it light
but how I got my ass caught up with this bad bitch
Thinkin I had her but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck I'm stuck with fuckin with the wrong one, uh!
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin for some love
In every club, I see you starin like you want it
Well baby if you got it better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin these walls as I pause, addicted to the fast life
I try to holla but you tell me you taken
Sayin you ain't impressed, with the money I'm makin
Guess it's true what they tellin me
Fresh out of jail, life's Hell for a black, celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you widdit
Fantansies of us sweatin, can I hit it? (Hahaha)
Addicted to the things you do, but still true
What I'm sayin Boo, is this is all about you

[Nate Dogg]
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
(Yeah nigga, ha ha ha ha!)
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

[2Pac]
I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me I'm a thug nigga; I only hung out
with the criminals and the drug dealers, I love niggaz
cause we comin from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick, the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa, and I don't even care
Creep though, weed smoke's into the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
waitin for niggaz at the end, of every show
I just seen you in my friend's, video
Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin through..
It's all about you.. hahaha, yeah nigga!
It's all about you!

[Nate Dogg]
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

[Outlawz]
Is you sick from the dick, or is it the flu?
It ain't about you or your bitch ass crew
Every other city we go and every video
Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty hoe
You think it's all about you? Well Boo
I gets Down like Dru and my nasty new niggaz, too

You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track
A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff
When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll
Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll
Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next
Golddiggin, cold diggin a gold Rolex

I slide in easily, try a grizzly
Sluts know the cuts, I came to fuck, try skeezin me
Runnin up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya
At the most, I fucked a bitch from the West Coast to West Virginia

[Nate Dogg]
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
(It's all about you)
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe
Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o
No matter where I go, I see the same hoe

[Snoop Doggy Dogg *speaking over last two lines*]
I'm tellin ya, it's the same ol' shit
I mean.. god damn, youknowhatI'msayin?
I'm sittin back, watchin Montell Jordan video
I see the same bitch, who was in, my homeboy Nate Dogg video
Then I flip the channel
I'm checkin out my homeboy Tupac video
I see the same bitch that was in my video, yaknahmsayin?
And then yaknahmsayin what make that even mo' fucked up
I'm watchin a Million Man March
And I see the same bitch, on the Million Man March
that was in, the homeboy Warren G video!
I mean, damn, everywhere I look, everywhere I go
I see the same hoe
Don't get mad, I'm only bein real
Yeah
Zaakir]
Check it out now...
I work the pen to make the ink transform
On any particular surface the pen lands on
Zaakir is hands on, what's the beef?
The Cooley High cold chief high post techniques
I drape off poetic landscapes and shapes
Illustrate the paper space off the pens that paint
Then design what have a National Geographic a magic
With Taylor made status and plus favored is automatic

[Chorus]
We're not balling
We take it back to the days of yes y'all-in'
We holding onto what's golden
(PE Sample) *On a stage I rage and I'm rollin'*

We're not balling, or shot calling
We take it back to the days of yes y'all-in'
We holding onto what's golden
(PE Sample) *On a stage I rage and I'm rollin'*

[Marc 7even]
Melancholy mundane so I tame the hot flame
Big rings, fat chains, and y'all quest for the same
No name, use fame, strictly new to the thang
We stay true to the game and never bring it to shame
We tight like dreadlocks or red fox and ripple
We pass participles, and smash the artist in you
The saga continues, this I won't get into
'Cause there ain't enough bars to hold the drama that we been through

[Akil]
Yo...
We still the same with a little fame
A little change in the household name but ain't too much changed
We in the game but, yo not to be vain
I refrain from salt grains to season up my name
We entertain for a mutual game from close range
Steady aim, drum at your head to hit the brain
I'm labor ready, Rhode Scholar for the dollar
Work for mines pay me by the hour

[Chorus]

Hip...Hop
(times that by four in differnt intervals)Music, the hop music

[Charli 2na]
Yo...
Well, it's the verbal Herman Munster
The word enhancer, sick of phony mobsters controllin' the dance floor
I been in dark places, catch you when you stark naked
Your heart races as we pump you for your chart spaces
The taut taces be bringing these hot styles through
Some of you bum a few chairs from shock value
Word power can plow through acres of cornfields
Paragraphs cut like warm steel, preform ill...

[Chorus]
Bootie Brown:

Let me freak the funk,
obsolete is the punk that talk more junk than Sanford sells
I jet propel at a rate that complice their mental state
as I invade their masquerade
they couldn't fade with a clipper blade
10 years in the trade is not enough, you can't cut it
I let you take a swing, and you bunted
for an easy out, I leave mc's with doubt
of exceeding, my name is Bottie Brown and I'm proceeding, leading,
they try to follow but they're shallow and hollow
I can see right through them like an empty 40 bottle, of O.E.
they have no key, or no clue
to the game at all, now they washed up
hung out to dry
standing looking stpud, wondering why
(why man?)
it was the fame, that they tried to get
now they walking around talkin about represent
and keep it real, but I got to appeal
cause they exisitng in a fantasy when holding the steel

Slim Kid 3:

rock a bye baby,
listen to my heart pumping to a fine ravine
of all things it's a vain of a shrine
all missions impossible are possible, cause I'm
heading for a new sector 365 days fron now, I'll
wipe the sweat from my brow
and each and every true will stick, or fall from the sky of my cloud nine
from homies all the way to chics, no matter how fine
cotrolling is a swollen way to wreck a proud mind
you hold it in your hands and watch a man start crying
tear after tear in the puppet man's hands
every time you take a stance you do the puppet man's dance
and the worlds at a stand-still
deep in broken mansville, trapped in the moat with an avil, still
killing yourself, and dogging ya health
you ain't amphibious, so grab a hold of yourself

Knumbskull #1:

shit is-shit is ill, my flow still will spill
toxic slick to shock you sick like electrocute
when I execute, acutely over the rythym
on those that pollute, extra dosages is what I gotta give em
got em mad and tremblin
cause I been up in my lab assemblin
misslies, to bomb the enemy
because they envy me, and the making of my mad currency
currently I think we're in a state of an emergency
cause niggas done sold their souls, and now their souls is hollow
and I think they can't follow
they can't swollow, the truth because it hurts
this is how I put it down, this is my earth, my turf
the worth of my birth is a billion, and you know what time it is
I'm going to make a million
Verse One - Andre 3000]
Caroline! (Caroline!)
See Caroline
All the guys would say she's mighty fine (mighty fine)
But mighty fine only got you somewhere half the time
And the other half either got you cussed out, or coming up short
Yeah, dig this now, even though (even though)
You'd need a golden calculator to divide (to divide)
The time it took to look inside and realize that
Real guys go for real down to Mars girls, yeah!
[Chorus- Repeat 2x]
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank
But lean a little bit closer
See roses really smell like poo poo poo
Yeah, roses really smell like poo poo poo

[Verse Two - Andre 3000]
Caroline! (caroline!)
i said See she's the reason for the word bitch (bitch)
I hope she's speeding on the way to the club
Trying to hurry up to get to some
Baller or singer or somebody like that
And try to put on her makeup in the mirror
And crash, crash, crash.. into a ditch! (Just Playing!)
She needs a golden calculator to divide (to divide)
The time it took to look inside and realize that
Real guys go for real down to Mars girls, yeah!

[Chorus- Repeat 2x]
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank
But lean a little bit closer
See roses really smell like poo poo poo
Yeah, roses really smell like poo poo poo

[Verse Three]
Well she's got a hotty's body, but her attitude is potty
When I met her at a party she was hardly acting naughty
I said, "Shorty would you call me"?
She said, "Pardon me, are you ballin'"?
I said "Darling, you sound like like like a prostitute pursing,"
Oh, so you're one them freaks, get geeked at the sight of ATM receipts
But game been peeped, dropping names she's weak
Trickin' off this bitch is lost
Must take me for a geek a quick way to eat
A neat place sleep, a rent-a-car for a week, a trick for a treat
Now go on the raw sex, my AIDS test is flawless
Regardless, we don't want to get involved with no lawyers
And judges just to hold grudges in a courtroom
I wanna see ya support bra not support you!

[Chorus- Repeat 4x]
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank
But lean a little bit closer
See roses really smell like poo poo poo
Yeah, roses really smell like poo poo poo

[Repeat 2x]
Better come back down to Mars
Girl, quit chasin' cars
What happens when the dough gets low
Bitch, you ain't that fine
No way.. no way.. no way

[Repeat 2x]
Crazy bitch (repeated in background)
Bitch, stupid ass bitch
Old punk ass bitch, old dumbass bitch
A bitch's bitch, just a bitch
[Intro: Notorious B.I.G.]
Niggaz... bitches...
Uhh...

[Chorus: B.I.G.]
(Niggaz) Grab your dick if you love hip-hop
(Bitches) Rub your titties if you love Big Poppa
Gotcha, open off the words I say because
{This type of shit it happens everyday}

[Lil' Cease]
Check it out, uhh
Now who smoke more blunts than a little bit?
What are you a idiot?
Listen to the lyrics I spit like M1's
Got mad guns up in the cabin
Cause Cease ain't the one for the dibbin and dabbin shit
I make it happen, you got your ass caught
All you saw was fire, from the Honda Passport
or the M.P., what if you see, then I miss ya
I blow up spots like little sisters
G'wan grit ya teeth, g'wan bite ya nails to the cuticles
Like Murray, my killings, be the most beautiful
Junior M.A.F.I.A. click, thick like Luke dancers
Niggaz grab your gats, bitches take a glance at
the little one, pullin over in the Land Rover
Playin Big Willie style with a chaffeur, yaknahmean?
Stack the green, read all between the lines
A nigga act up, makes the bastard hard to find

[Chorus X2]

[Notorious B.I.G.]
(How ya livin Biggie Smalls?) I'm surrounded by criminals
Heavy rollers even the sheisty individuals
Smokin skunk and mad Phillies
Beatin down Billy Badasses, cracks in stacks and masses
If robbery's a class, bet I pass it
Shit get drastic, I'm buryin ya bastards
Big Poppa never softenin
Take you to the church, rob the preacher for the offerin
Leave the fucker coughin up blood, and his pockets like rabbit ears
Covered the wife, kleenex for the kid's tears
Versace wear, Moschino on my bitches
She whippin my ride, countin my one's thinkin I'm richest
Just the way players play, all day everyday
I don't know what else to say
I've been robbin niggaz since Run and them was singin 'Here We Go'
Snatchin ropes at the Roxie homeboy you didn't know
my flow, detrimental to your health
Usually roll for self, I have son ridin shotgun
My mind's my nine, my pen's my Mac-10
My target, all you wack niggaz who started rappin
Junior M.A.F.I.A. steelo, niggaz know the half
Caviar for breakfast, champagne bubble baths
Runnin up in pretty bitches constantly
The Smalls bitch, who the fuck it was supposed to be?

[Chorus X2]

[Lil' Kim]
I used to pack Macs in Cadillacs
Now I pimp gats in the Ac's, watch my niggaz backs
Nines in the stores, glocks in the bags
Maxin mini-markets, gettin money with the Arabs
No question, confession, yes it's the lyrical
Bitches squeeze your tits, niggaz grab your genitals
Proteins and minerals, excluse subliminals
Big Momma shoots the game to all you Willies and criminals
I kick the rilli with my peeps all day
325's roll by with the windows down halfway
D-K-N-Y, oh my, I'm jiggy
It's all about the Smalls and my fuckin nigga Biggie
Bitches love the way I bust a rhyme
Cause they all in line screamin one more time
Niggaz, grab your dicks if you love hip-hop
Bitches rub-a-dub in the back of the club, straight up!
My Adidas
walk through concert doors
and roam all over coliseum floors
I stepped on stage, at Live Aid
All the people gave and the poor got paid
And out of speakers I did speak
I wear my sneakers but I'm not a sneak
My Adidas took the stand of a foreign land
with mic in hand I cold took command
my Adidas and me close as can be
we make a good team my Adidas and me
we get around together, rhyme forever
and we won't be mad when worn and weathered
My Adidas..
My Adidas..
My Adidas

standin on 2 Fifth St.
funky fresh and yes cold on my feet
with no shoe string in em, I did not win em
I bought em off the Ave with the black lee denim
I like to sport em that's why I bought em
a sucker tried to steal em so I caught em and I thwart em
and I walk down the street and I bop to the beat
with Lee on my legs and adidas on my feet
and now I just standin here shooting the gip
me and D and my Adidas standing on 2 Fifth
My Adidas..
My Adidas..

Now
me and my Adidas do the illest things
we like to stomp out pimps with diamond rings
we slay all suckers who perpetrate
and lay down law from state to state
we travel on gravel, dirt road or street
I wear my Adidas when I rock the beat
on stage front page every show I go
it's Adidas on my feet high top or low
My Adidas..
My Adidas..

Now the Adidas I possess for one man is rare
myself homeboy got 50 pair
got blue and black cause I like to chill
and yellow and green when it's time to get ill
got a pair that I wear when I'm playin ball
with the heal inside make me 10 foot tall
my Adidas only bring good news
and they are not used as selling shoes
they're black and white, white with black stripe
the ones I like to wear when I rock the mic
on the strength of our famous university
we took the beat from the street and put it on TV
my Adidas are seen on the movie screen
Hollywood knows we're good if you know what I mean
we started in the alley, now we chill in Cali
and I won't trade em in for no beat up ballys
My Adidas..
(Big Bird: Sesame Street)
Hey look at this! I was cleaning out my nest
and I found a book of my old poetry

(Ice Cube)
Fresh out of school cause I was a high school grad
gots to get a job cuz I was a high school dad
Wish I got paid like I was rappin' to the nation
but thats not likely, so here's my application
Pass it to the man at AT&amp;amp;amp;T
Cuz when I was in school I got the a. e. e.
But there's no s. e. for this youngsta
I didn't have no money so now I have to hunch the
Back like a slave, thats what be happenin
but whitey says there's no room for the African
Always knew that I would boycott, jeez
but welcome to McDonalds can I take your order please
Gotta sell ya food that might give you cancer
cuz my baby doesn't take no for an answer
Now I pay taxes that you never give me back
what about diapers, bottles, and similac
Do I gotta go sell me a whole lotta crack
for decent shelter and clothes on my back?
Or should I just wait for help from Bush
or Jesse Jackson, and operation Push
If you ask me the whole thing needs a douch
a masengel what the hell cracker sale in the neighborhood
To the whorehouse bitches,
Miss porker, little joe or Todd Bridges
Or anybody that he know
so I got me a bird, better known as a kilo
Now everybody know I went from po' to a nigga that got dough
So now you put the feds against me
cause I couldn't follow the plan of the presidency
I'm never givin' love again
Cuz blacks are too fuckin broke to be republican
Now I remember I used to be cool
till I stopped fillin' out my W-2
Now senators are gettin' hired
and your plan against the ghetto backfired
So now you got a pep talk
but sorry, this is our only room to walk
Cause we don't want a drug push
But a bird in the hand is worth more than the bush

tell the politicians, the hustlers: live and let live (yeah)
tell the politicians, the hustlers: live and let live (yeah)
[Announcer]
Meet Eddie, 23 years old.
Fed up with life,
And the way things are going,
He decides to rob a liquor store
(I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more, homes)
But on his way in,
He has a sudden change of heart.
And suddenly,
His conscience comes into play

[Dr. Dre]
Alright, stop! (Huh?)
Now before you walk in the door
Of this liquor store
And try to get money out the drawer
You'd better think of the consequence (But who are you?)
I'm your motherfuckin' conscience

[Eminem]
That's nonsense.
Go in and gaffle the money,
And run to one of your aunt's cribs.
And borrow a damn dress
And one of her blonde wigs (Can I borrow this?)
Tell her you need a place to stay
You'll be safe for days
If you shave your legs
With Renee's razor blades

[Dr. Dre]
Yeah, but if it all goes through
Like it's supposed to
The whole neighbourhood knows you
And they'll expose you.
Think about it before you walk in the door first.
Look at the store clerk,
She's older then George Burns.

[Eminem]
Fuck that.
Do that shit.
Shoot that bitch
Can you afford to blow this shit?
Are you that rich?
Why you give a fuck if she dies?
Are you that bitch?
Do You really think *she* gives a fuck
If you have kids?

[Dr. Dre]
Man, don't do it.
It's not worth it
To risk it. (You're right)
Not over this shit. (Stop)
Drop the biscuit. (I will)
Don't even listen to Slim, yo.
He's bad for you.

[Eminem]
You know what Dre?
I don't like your attitude

[Sound of static]
("It's all right, c'mon, just come in here for a minute")
("Mmm, I don't know")
("Look, baby...")
("Damn!")
("Look, it's gonna be all right, right?")
("Well, okay...")

[Announcer]
Meet Stan, 21 years old (Give me a kiss)
After meeting a young girl at a rave party,
Thing's start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom.
Once again, his conscience comes into play...(Shit!)

[Eminem]
Now listen to me.
While you're kissin' her cheek
And smearin' her lipstick, slip this in her drink.
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe...

[Dr. Dre]
Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, it's not fair

[Eminem]
Yo, look at her bush...Does it got hair? (Uh-huh.)
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare.
'Till she passes out
And she forgot how she got there.

[Dr. Dre]
Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids?

[Eminem]
No, but I seen the porno with SunDoobiest!

[Dr. Dre]
Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?

[Eminem]
Man, fuck that,
Hit that shit raw dawg and bail...

[Sound of static]
[Pickup idling, radio playing]
("he, it feels good to be home")

[Announcer]
Meet Grady, a 29 year-old construction worker.
After coming home from a hard day's work,
He walks in the door of his trailer park home
To find his wife in bed with another man.
(Grady:WHAT THE FUCK?!?!) (WIFE;Grady?!)

[Dr. Dre]
Alright, calm down.
Relax, start breathin'...

[Eminem]
Fuck that shit
You just caught this bitch cheatin'.
While you at work, she's with some dude
Tryin' to get off?
Fuck slittin' her throat!
CUT THIS BITCH'S HEAD OFF!!!

[Dr. Dre]
Wait, What if there's an explanation for this shit.

[Eminem]
What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?

[Dr. Dre]
Alright, Shady.
Maybe he's right, Grady.
But think about the baby
Before you get all crazy.

[Eminem]
Okay! thought about it,
Still wanna stab her?
Grab her by the throat,
Get you're daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did.
Be smart, don't be a retard.
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped DEE BARNES?

[Dr. Dre]
What'chu say!?

[Eminem]
What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?

[Dr. Dre]
I'ma kill you, motherfucker!

[Eminem]
Ah-ah,
Temper, temper!
Mr. Dre?
Mr. N.W.A?
Mr. AK coming straight outta Compton
Y'all better make way?
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent?

[Dr. Dre]
Cuz he don't need to go the same route that I went.
Been there, done that...Aw, fuck it...What am I sayin'?
Shoot 'em both, Grady, where's your gun at?

[Gun fires, is cocked, and refired]
When the scene unfolds
Young girls thirteen years old
Expose themselves to any Tom, Dick, and Hank
Got mo' stretch marks than these hoes
Hollin they got rank
See Sega aint in this new world order
Dem experimenting in Atlanta, Georgia
United Nations, overseas
they trained assassins to do search and seize
Aint knocking or asking
Dem coming for niggas like me
Po' white trash, like they
Tricks like her back in slavery
Concentration camps lace with gas pipes lines
Inferno's outdoors like they had back
When Adolf Hitler was living in 1945
Listen to me now, believe me
Later on in the future look it up
Where they say it? Aint no more Constitution
In the event of a race war
Places like operation heartbreak hotel
Moments tear until air tight vents seat off despair
Dem say expect no mercy
Foot you should be my least worries got to deal with
Where my W-2's, 1099's
Unmarked black helicopters swoop down
And try to put missiles in mines

Who's that peeking in my window
POW nobody now

Me and my family moved in our apartment complex
A gate with the serial code was put up next
The claim that this community is so drug free
But it don't look that way to me cause I can see
The young bloods hanging out at the sto 24/7
Junkies looking got a hit of the blo it's powerful
Oh you know what else they tryin to do
Make a curfew especially for me and you the traces of the new world order
Time is getting shorter if we don't get prepared
People it's gone be a slaughter
My mind won't allow me to not be curious
My folk don't understand so they don't take it serious
But every now and then, I wonder
If the gate was put up to keep crime out or to keep our ass in

Who's that peeking in my window
POW nobody now

Listen up little niggaz I'm talking to you
About what yo little ass need to be going through
I fall a victim too and I know I shouldn't smoke so much
But I do with the crew everybody on the average 'bout 4 or 5
I'm lucky to be alive at sunrise now I realize the cost
After I lost my best friend Bean I recognize as a King
Who am I to tell you to stop smokin
Now you're open to disease and colds
And aint 16 years old, this shit has got to stop
Let's take a walk through detox
I want outta this hold I'm in a cell under attack
Loc up folks they in the hood, got an eye on every move
I make open your face to info you aint know
Cause it's kept low how the new world plan
Reeks the planet without the black man

So what's your angle, try to separate me from the blood
is disrespect like coming in my home and not
Wiping your feet on tha rug
the Citron Absolut has got me bucking no hang with no phony
lookout for the man with tha mask and the white pony
On my back are bills staying off my toes always on my heels
Insane, plain, soldiers coming in the dark by plane
To enforce the new system by reign
Tag my skin with your computer chip
Run your hand over tha scanner to buy you dish now
No more fishing for your fish
Kiss tha days of tha old days past ways gone
Mind blown, conception, protection
My name on your selections but I caught you coming POW!

Who's that peeking in my window
POW nobody now
[Ghostface]
Yeah.. whassup y'all, whassup?
This is Ghostface, straight from Staten Island
You know.. I don't really mean no harm..
but it just happens you know
when I step approach a motherfuckin wack nigga..
that tryin to spit his darts and can't spit 'em
Check it out though.. aiyyo..

Scientific, my hand kissed it
Robotic let's think optimistic
You probably missed it, watch me dolly dick it
Scotty watty cop it to me, big microphone hippie
Hit Poughkepsie crispy chicken verbs throw up a stone richie
Chop the O, sprinkle a lil' snow inside a Optimo
Swing the John McEnroe, rap rock'n'roll
Tidy Bowl, gung-ho pro, Starsky with the gumsole
Hit the rump slow, parole kids, live Rapunzel
but Ton' stizzy really high, the vivid laser eye guide
Jump in the Harley ride, Clarks I freak a lemon pie
I'm bout it, bout it - Lord forgive me, Ms. Sally shouted
Tracey got shot in the face, my house was overcrowded
You fake cats done heard it first
On how I shitted on your turf
at times, Cuban Link verse yo
Check out the rap kingpin, summertime fine jewelry drippin
Face in the box, I seen your ear twitchin
As soon as I drove off, Cap' came to me with three sawed-offs
Give one to Rae', let's season they broth
Lightning rod fever heaters, knock-kneeder Sheeba for hiva
Diva got rocked from the receiver bleeder
Portfolio, lookin fancy in the pantry
My man got bigger dimes son, your shit is scampi
Base that, throw what's in your mouth, don't waste that
See Ghost lampin in the throne with King Tut hat
Straight off

Yeah.. yeah..
I just wan't y'all niggaz
to smack all y'all niggaz, and niggarettes
Universal death threats, yeah
This be the God Body, yeah no doubt
Judge Wise

Aiyyo spiced out Calvin Coolidge, loungin with 7 duelers
The Great Adventures of Slick, lickin with 6 rugers
Rock those, big boy Bulotti's out of Woodridge
Porch for the biggest beer, season giraffe ribs
Rotissiere ropes, hickory scented mint scented glaze
Perfected find truth within self, let's smoke
All hail to my hands, 50 thou' appraisal
Dirty nose with the nasal drip, click flipped on fam
Dancin with Blanch and them bitches, flickin goose pictures
Kick down the ace of spades, snatch Jack riches
Olsive compulsive lies flies with my name on it
Dick made the cover now count, how many veins on it
Scooby snack jurassic plastic gas booby trap
Ten years workin for me, you wanna tap shit?
Bung bung bung! Your bell went rung rung rung!
Staple-Land's where the ambulance don't come

Yeah, you see what I mean?
You see what I mean, you motherfuckin crybabies?
Get in line punk! You should be studyin your odds
instead of studyin me!
That's how you lost your first job punk
Now get in line, for you get your lil' thick-ass tossed up!
Shit! I studied under Bruce Lee nigga
He was on the fourth, I was on the third

[RZA]
Pass me a honey-dipped spliff, black mental cause continental drift
One whiff of Pow U gets my Divine stiff
Brick rock, late night, hear the tick tock of my clock
I used to run up and pick, a crab lock
Hit his stash, dip back, to the Lab, make him flip
Uptown, BOO-DOOP, now we back on your ass
Incognito, fatal aikido blow, pop a needle
Dick a knock-knee hoe, bust out her fetal
Nine inch long strong, Bobby pop the bitch thongs
Spit on her, then I banged on my chest like Kong King
Merciless Meng, point the killa bee sting
ring DINGS, right through your head BING
Snap the wing off of bats, my battleaxe tongue hacks tracks
Once the ball drop, I'ma snatch ten jacks
Pass the crack to a niggarette, puff a looseleaf cigarette
while your man search the internet for +Bob Digitech in Stereo+
Crazy as Shapiro
Multiply myself ten times standin next to zero
And snap my fingers like the Fonz
and bag me a golden bronze skinned girl with the honey blonde
dip hair, make a nigga flip in his chair
Had the armpit shaved off perfect with the Nair
Stomach fat as a pancake for her man's sake
Used to fuck her when she menestraute
but it made her hyperventilate

[Ghostface]
You saw sagacious Solomon
You know what came of him,
To him complexities seemed plain.
He cursed the hour that gave birth to him
And saw that everything was vain.
How great and wise was Solomon.
The world however did not wait
But soon observed what followed on.
It's wisdom that had brought him to this state.
How fortunate the man with none.

You saw courageous Caesar next
You know what he became.
They deified him in his life
Then had him murdered just the same.
And as they raised the fatal knife
How loud he cried: you too my son!
The world however did not wait
But soon observed what followed on.
It's courage that had brought him to that state.
How fortunate the man with none.

You heard of honest Socrates
The man who never lied:
They weren't so grateful as you'd think
Instead the rulers fixed to have him tried
And handed him the poisoned drink.
How honest was the people's noble son.
The world however did not wait
But soon observed what followed on.
It's honesty that brought him to that state.
How fortunate the man with none.

Here you can see respectable folk
Keeping to God's own laws.
So far he hasn't taken heed.
You who sit safe and warm indoors
Help to relieve out bitter need.
How virtuously we had begun.
The world however did not wait
But soon observed what followed on.
It's fear of god that brought us to that state.
How fortunate the man with none.
Bum stiggedy bum stiggedy bum, hon, I got the old pa-rum-pum-pum-pum
But I can fe-fi-fo-fum, diddly-bum, here I come
So Peter Piper, I'm hyper than Pinochio's nose
I'm the supercalafragilistic tic-tac pro
I gave my oopsy, daisy, now you've got the crazy
Crazy with the books, Googley-goo where's the gravy
So one two, unbuckle my, um shoe
Yabba Doo, hippity-hoo, crack a brew
So trick or treat, smell my feet, yup I drippedy-dropped a hit
So books get on your mark and spark that old censorship
Drats and double drats, I smiggedy-smacked some whiz kids
The boogedy-woogedly Brooklyn boy's about to get his, dig
My waist bone's connected to my hip bone
My hip bone's connected to my thigh bone
My thigh bone's connected to my knee bone
My knee bone's connected to my hardy-har-har-har
The jibbedy-jabber jaw ja-jabbing at your funny bone, um
Skip the ovaltine, I'd rather have a honeycomb
Or preferably the sesame, Let's spiggedy-spark the blunts, um
Dun dun dun dun dun, dun dun

They want EFX, some live EFX
They want EFX, some live EFX
They want EFX, some live EFX
Snap a neck for some live EFX

Well I'll be darned, shiver me timbers, yo head for the hills
I picked a weeping willow, and a daffodil
So back up bucko or I'll pulverize McGruff
'Cause this little piggy gets busy and stuff
Arrivederci, heavens to mercy, honky tonk I get swift
I caught a snuffleufagus and smoked a boogaloo spliff
I got the nooks, the cranies, the nitty gritty fodey-doe
All aboard, cast away, hey where's my boogaloo?
Oh I'm steaming, agony
Why's everybody always picking on me
They call me Puddin' Tane, and rap's my game
You ask me again and I'll t-tell you the same
'Cause I'm the vulgar vegemintarian, so stick 'em up freeze
So no Park sausages, Mom, please
A-blitz shoots the breeze, twiddly-dee shoots his lip
Crazy dazy shot the Sheriff, yup and I shot the gift
And that's pretty sneaky, sis oh yep
I got my socks off, my rocks off, my Nestle's cup of cocoa
Holly hobby tried to slob me, tried to rob me silly stunt
Diggedy-dun dun dun dun dun, dun dun

They want EFX, some live EFX
They want EFX, some live EFX
They want EFX, some live EFX
Snap a neck for some live EFX

Yahoo, hidee-ho yup I'm coming around the stretch
So here Fido boy, fetch, boy, fetch
I got the rope-a-dope a slippery choker, look at me get raw
And I'm the hickory-dickory top of morning boogoloo big jaw
With the yippedy zippedy Winnie the Pooh bad boy blue,
Yo crazy got the gusto, what up, I swing that too
So nincompoop give a hoot and stomp a troop without a strain
Like Roscoe B. Coltrane
I spiggedy-spark a spiff and give a twist like Chubby Checker
I take my Froot Loops with two scoops, make it double decker
Oh Vince, the baby come to Papa Duke
A babaloo, ooh, a babaloo boogedy boo
I went from Gucci to Stussy, to fliggedy-flam a groupie
To Zsa Zsa, to yibbedy-yabba dabba hoochie koochie
Tally ho I-I'll take my Stove Top instead of potatoes, so
Maybe I'll shoot 'em now, nope maybe I'll shoot 'em later, yep
I used to have a dog and Bingo was his name oh, so uh
B - I - N - G - O-oh
You do the hokey pokey and you turn yourself around, hon, so uh
Dun dun dun dun dun, dun dun

They want EFX, some live EFX
They want EFX, some live EFX
They want EFX, some live EFX
Snap a neck for some live EFX
Intro:

Biggie Smalls is the illest, What? Uh
Biggie (Siggie Siggie) Smalls is the illest
Biggie Smalls
Biggie (Siggie Siggie) Smalls
Biggie (Siggie Siggie) Smalls is the illest, yeah
Biggie (Siggie Siggie) Smalls is the illest

Verse 1:

Live from bedford stuyvesant, the livest one,
Representin B-K to the fullest, gats I pull it,
Bastards duckin, when big be buckin,
Chickenheads be cluckin, in my bathroom fuckin,
It aint nothin, ya know Big be handlin,
With the mac in the ack (acura) door panelin,
Bandagin mc's, oxygen they cant breathe,
Mad tricks up the sleave, wear boxers so my dick can breathe,
Breeze through in the Q 45 by my side, lyrical high,
And those that brushes my clutches, get put on crutches,
Get smoked like dutches, from the masta,
Hate to blast ya, but I have ta,
You see I smoke alot, your life is played out like Kwame,
And them fuckin pokadots, who rocks the spot, Biggie!
You know how the weed go, unbelievable

Chorus:

[Girl] It's unbelievable
[Biggie] Biggie smalls is the illest
[Girl] It's unbelievable
[Biggie] Biggie (Siggie Siggie) Smalls is the illest
[Girl] It's unbelievable
[Biggie] Biggie (Siggie Siggie) Smalls is the illest
[Girl] It's unbelievable
[Biggie] Biggie (Siggie Siggie) Smalls is the illest

Verse 2:

B-i-g, g-i-e, aka b-i-g, get it? biggie!,
Also known as the bon appetit, rappers cant sleep,
Need sleepin, big keep creepin,
Bullets heat seekin, casualties need treatin,
Dumb rappers need teachin, lesson A
Dont fuck with b-i, thats that, oh I,
Thought he was wack, no come come now,
Why y'all so dumb now?, hunt me or be hunted,
I got 357 ways, to simmer saute,
I'm the winner all day, lights get dimmer down Biggie's hallway,
My forte causes caucasians to say, he sounds demented,
Car weed scented, if I said it, I meant it,
Bite my tongue for no one, call me evil, or unbelievable

Chorus:

[Girl] It's unbelievable
[Biggie] Biggie smalls is the illest
[Girl] It's unbelievable
[Biggie] Biggie (Siggie Siggie) Smalls is the illest
[Girl] It's unbelievable
[Biggie] Biggie (Siggie Siggie) Smalls is the illest
[Girl] It's unbelievable
[Biggie] Biggie (Siggie Siggie) Smalls is the illest

Verse 3:

Buckshots out the sunroof of lexus coupes, leave no witnesses,
What you think this is?,
Aint no amateurs here, I damage and tear,
Mc's fear me, they too near not to hear me, clearly,
I'm the triple beam dream,
1000 grams of uncut to the gut,
It seems fucked up, the way I touched up the grill,
Try to play guerilla, when you aint no killa,
The gats by your liver, your upper lip quiver,
Youre ready to die, tell god I said "hi",
And throw down some ice, for the nicest mc,
Niggas know the stee-lo, unbelievable

Chorus:

[Girl] It's unbelievable
[Biggie] Biggie smalls is the illest
[Girl] It's unbelievable
[Biggie] Biggie (Siggie Siggie) Smalls is the illest
[Girl] It's unbelievable
[Biggie] Biggie (Siggie Siggie) Smalls is the illest
[Girl] It's unbelievable
[Biggie] Biggie (Siggie Siggie) Smalls is the illest
(big boi)
Uh-huh, yeah, y'knahmtalkinbout?
A-town connection right heah
You got youngbloodz, uhh
Featurin daddy fatsack, y'knahmtalkinbout?
Outkast, y'knahmtalkinbout?
Yeah, like dis.. check it out

Chorus: repeat 2x (sung)

I know you're waitin for daddy, it won't be long shawty
Be patient cause I'm comin to you
Ridin dirty on 85, slow, takin it easy
I don't want nothin to keep me from you

(j-bo)
Now the wind blows as I'm on 85, and chiefin good
With a six-pack a that colt 45 just like I should
And if I could, I will, I might, get blowed tonight
If thangs go right, I'm gon' cut this hoe tonight
So i'ma get a call, from this broad
Run the game like she ain't ready
But still indeed, she on her knees, keepin thangs steady
Like betty crocker, the face doctor
Just as she swallows with passion
So now she braggin, laggin behind
What questions she now be askin, so time is passin
Now I'm mashin on, I'm gone, livin in the world of hoes
So I suppose, it's goin down deep in yo' city
Cause in these parts, ain't nuthin bad hard times
Now shawty, please, really

Chorus

(big boi)
Sheeeit
I'm lookin for anythang, gonna cut'em up
Like everythang, in my stable
Sir lucius, with the left foot, is ready willing and able
But these hoes will get on your nerves
F**k all that kickin 'em to the curb


You lackin that tolerance;
You let the hoe swallow it, get off in yo' parlor an'
Stab out to the cajun crab house
Or the jamaican cat house
Or the college, frat house
For the gul you just, mad house that rat house
And get you some scrub, she ain't ya girl
Skeet-skeet one off and dip boi
I'm slick as a curl, smooth as a pearl
Don't, don't be givin no gifts boi
On the first date or the worst date
I'm goin all the way on the first play
Like hail mary's to field goals
I think I was put here to drill hoes
For real doe; and while you blowin up my,
Bar I'm off in your purse
To get my gas money then I'm back on the 'spressway
And I'm out this verse, geyeah!

Chorus

(sean paul)
Man this shit gettin crazy, this girl wants to face me
Met her jes last week, told me that her name was stacy
Bad lil' bitch, add her straight to my collection
Jump in my 'llac, in my pocket got protection
For thangs to go down, see I ain't playin around
Got a half a tank of gas, I'm 85 southbound
It's a long ass way, I'm from the 20 side of thangs
She said it's dead serious, hot like some lighter flames
Oh you know how it go, I'm the nigga, she the hoe
She told me some mo', I shut my cadillac do'
My hands on the grain, my pedal down to the ground
Ain't got my license, back so I need to slow down
Now I'm scrapin the flo', shawty ain't got on no drawers
Man I'm breakin the law, tryna' get me this broad
I don't know what it is, but shawty fine as hell
Slum-type that I like, straight from a-t-l
Shawty yeah!

Chorus (to fade)
Now the funeral is over and all the tears are dried up
Niggas hangin deep on the cut gettin fired up
Lookin for the nigga who pulled his pistol on my homie
An eye for an eye, so now your life is what you owe me
Look deep into the eyes of your muthafuckin killer
I want you to witness your muthafuckin murder, nigga
And since you wants to kill, then your ass has got to fry
But ain't no police, therefore your ass has gots to die
We play the game for keeps and if you slept I guess you sleep
You sho nuff fucked and now your ass is six feet deep
Cause where I come from, yo, everybody's got a gat
And niggas try your ass just to see where you got your heart at
And if your shit is flimsy, then your ass is gonna bend
And like I said before there'll be no tears in the end
I'm rollin through your hood, now my heart is filled with anger
You at your sister's house and now your sister's life in danger
(By a total stranger) with the ?kanga?
Niggas wanna bang ya and hang ya
Sting ya with one up in the chamber
Let's take a trip up Holloway
So you can see how many niggas in my hood is down to die today
We standin up for our own shit
And if you outside the click, then you die, bitch
It ain't no love in this muthafucka
It ain't no love for yourself or your other brother
Because we real with this shit, so we stay true
And since we bang, we do what O.G.'s say do
I've got the mind of the man in the mirror
So I'm lookin at me vaguely
But I can't seem to fade me
I've got my pistol pon cock
Ready to lay shots non-stop
Until I see your monkey-ass drop
And let your homies know who done it
Cause when it comes to this gangsta shit
you muthafuckas know who run it
So when you put this muthafucka to the test
You gotta realize somethin, nigga: (you fuckin with the very best)
I've got this killer up inside of me
I can't talk to my mother, so I talk to my diary
I'm goin off on the deep end
I find myself face to face with myself while I'm sleepin
I see your picture in my head and my hand shake
You can run, you can hide, but there's no escape
My inner feelings show no mercy on my enemy
I got to get this muthafucka before he gets to me
So in your own blood you'll bathe
And I won't stop until I put this muthafucka in his fuckin grave
And I can say this once again
You can cry but you'll still die, there'll be no tears in the end
Good evening
And for my last hit
I'd like to take you back to the classic
A-hem, B.I.G. style of course
Uhh

*singing*
Playaahh, turn your head round
Lay on the ground, you've been robbed
Wake up, open the door
Lay on the floor, you've been robbed
Uhh
You know, we need this money
And you, yes baby, you, should just roll with me
Let's go off, together
On this robbin spree, we'll make money
Uhh
Playaahh, turn your head round
Take off that crown, you've been robbed
Wake up, open the door
Don't cry no more, you've been robbed

You see, there are two kind of people in the world today
We have, the playaz, and we have, the playa haters
Please don't hate me because I'm beautiful baby

Hear what they talk, about me
But my crew so deep, you can't do, a damn thing, to me

Playahh, open the door
Lay on the floor, you've been robbed
Wake up (wake your ass up), take off your jewels
You fuckin fools, you've been robbed (this is a robbery nigga)
Playahh playahh (hater), Playahh playahh (hater)
Playahh playahh (hater), Playahh playahh (hater)
Playahh hater!! (hater) Playahh hater!! (hater)
Playahh hater!! (hater) Playahh hater!! (hater)
Uhh, thank you... thank you very much *applause*
Thank you thank you far too kind, far too kind
Thank you, thank you very much
Good night everybody, good night!
I love all of you, thank you thank you
Thank you, thank you very much
Good night!
[Chorus - 2X]
I know it's strange
But my brain's gone really insane
And I'm off the chain
Sipping on a fifth of the Golden Grain
I feel like slappin somebody today (slap slap)
Slappin somebody today
I feel like slappin somebody today (slap slap)
Slappin somebody today
Slappin somebody today

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
This morning, I woke up on the wrong side of the bed (bed)
I'm sick of people putting lies in my head (head)
I don't really wanna work, I'm tired
I hate my 9 to 5
And I'm thinking bout hittin my boss today
hittin my boss today
I'm thinking bout hittin my boss today (it's just a thought man)
hittin my boss today (yeah)

Yesterday my best friend died (died)
Somebody came and took his life (life)
Now I'm looking up at the sky
Have you ever seen a grown man cry?
And I'm asking why did you take him away?
Why did you take him away?
I'm asking why did you take him away? (why'd you take him)
Why did you take him away? (hey)

I need some money please (please)
I can barely make it on these streets (these streets)
Cause I got a couple mouths to feed
My baby's in dire need
So I'm thinking bout robbin a bank today
Robbin a bank today
I'm thinking bout robbin a bank today
Robbin a bank today (real talk)

Baby mama's at home and fussin' (fussin)
Callin up my mobile cussin' (cussin)
Always yappin about this and that
But she really don't be talkin bout nothin
Somebody take my pain away (Take my pain away)
Take my pain away (please)
Somebody take my pain away (hey)
Take my pain away (I can't take it)

[Chorus - 2X]

[Verse 2: Ludacris]
Somebody just broke in my ride (ride)
Snatched up everything inside (inside)
Even got my 45
How am I supposed to survive
When I know that my stereo's taken away
Stereo's taken away
When I know that my stereo's taken away (I need my music, man!)
Stereo's taken away (hey)

Gas prices are way too high
Rich people are way too fly
And I'm where I wanna be in my life
But why am I so behind
Is it cause I'm wasting my time away
Wasting my time away
Is it cause I'm wasting my time away (too lazy)
Wasting my time away (I can't help it)

My grandmama's nerves are bad (bad)
And everybody in the hood is mad (mad)
Cause President Bush could give a DAMN about our
So I don't wanna hear anything that he has to say (don't say nothin)
anything that he has to say
I don't wanna hear anything that he has to say
anything that he has to say (woo)

Troops gone and we still at war (war)
Nobody even really knows what for (what for)
Even more I'm scared to find what the world really has in store
Cause you know that tomorrow's not promised today (it's not promised man)
Tomorrow's not promised today
Cause you know that tomorrow's not promised today (live like today could be your last man!)
Tomorrow's not promised today (hey)
Come on come on
I see no changes wake up in the morning and I ask myself
Is life worth living should I blast myself?
I'm tired of bein' poor and even worse I'm black
My stomach hurts so I'm lookin' for a purse to snatch
Cops give a damn about a negro
Pull the trigger kill a nigga he's a hero
Give the crack to the kids who the hell cares
One less hungry mouth on the welfare
First ship 'em dope and let 'em deal the brothers
Give 'em guns step back watch 'em kill each other
It's time to fight back that's what Huey said
Two shots in the dark, now Huey's dead
I got love for my brother but we can never go nowhere
Unless we share with each other
We gotta start makin' changes
Learn to see me as a brother instead of 2 distant strangers
And that's how it's supposed to be
How can the devil take a brother if he's close to me?
I'd love to go back to when we played as kids
But things change, and that's the way it is

That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is
Aww yeah

That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is
Aww yeah

I see no changes all I see is racist faces
Misplaced hate makes disgrace to races
We under I wonder what it takes to make this
One better place, let's erase the wasted
Take the evil out the people they'll be acting right
'Cause both black and white is smokin' crack tonight
And the only time we chill is when we kill each other
It takes skill to be real, time to heal each other
And although it seems heaven sent
We ain't ready, to see a black President dead, uhh
It ain't a secret don't conceal the fact
The penitentiary's packed, and it's filled with blacks
But some things will never change
Try to show another way but you stayin' in the dope game
Now tell me what's a mother to do
Bein' real don't appeal to the brother in you
You gotta operate the easy way
I made a G today But you made it in a sleazy way
Sellin' crack to the kids. I gotta get paid,
Well hey, that's the way it is

That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is
Aww yeah

That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is
Aww yeah

We gotta make a change...
It's time for us as a people to start makin' some changes.
Let's change the way we eat, let's change the way we live
And let's change the way we treat each other.
You see the old way wasn't working so it's on us to do
what we gotta do, to survive.

And still I see no changes can't a brother get a little peace
It's war on the streets and the war in the Middle East
Instead of war on poverty they got a war on drugs
So the police can bother me
And I ain't never did a crime I ain't have to do
But now I'm back with the blacks givin' it back to you
Don't let 'em jack you up, back you up,
crack you up and pimp smack you up
You gotta learn to hold ya own
They get jealous when they see ya with ya mobile phone
But tell the cops they can't touch this
I don't trust this when they try to rush I bust this
That's the sound of my tool you say it ain't cool
My mama didn't raise no fool
And as long as I stay black I gotta stay strapped
And I never get to lay back
'Cause I always got to worry 'bout the pay backs
Some buck that I roughed up way back
Comin' back after all these years
Rat-tat-tat-tat-tat
That's the way it is, uhh

That's just the way it is
Things'll never be the same
That's just the way it is
Aww yeah

You're my brother, you're my sister
That's just the way it is (way it is, way it is)
Things will never be the same
You're my brother, you're my sister
That's the way it is
Aww yeah

Some things will never change
Verse 1

Dear love I was thinking how I should be starting this
mean difference of ways still I can light you like an arsonist
put my heart in this particularly funny when we start to kiss, marvelous
How I see you in the cut chillin' with your homies gettin' fucked up
I got fantasies of you carrying me home
I hope you stayin'alone I'm into givin'pleasure echoin' rhythms of my
manly moans
Don't be playin' me wrong I'm too grown for games,
mental manipulation ain't the occupation for the playa you facin I'm
strong
cuz you see I don't be really quite comin on the same boldly and bodily
fluids with every word that 'curs
Girl you deserve some herb and company to be with , fuck whoever you
were gonna leave with
I'm the one you should see shit, I found some love like Adam and Eve
shit
who you should be with your body I squeeze quick
Stick through the sheets are your arms and see don't be alarmed if I
make you feel good all over
cuz I be droppin the bomb that's cuz I'm in the beyond even though
niggaz in the hood is all soldiers
You still gonna suffer the consequences defenseless thinkin about
becomin my wife
if I rock you tonight you be the love of my life
cuz I be huggin you like I'm huggin the mike, plus I'm the one thats
rubbin' you right
And able to stick my tongue up in your navel and lick till you drop
even though I like to stick the twat
I'm realizin' theres a variation of ways I can get you hot
I'm in to learnin' you so pick the spot, I'll get pleasure too but let
me hush and let the lust get a check
I know you don't want me to hit it yet, but don't act like its a crime
cuz it hasn't been committed yet,
but baby won't you let me get it what? get it wet

chorus:

(get it wet)
gimme some tang and alizane let me tickle your body, after the party we
can pleasure will you come let me
(get it wet)
let me saturate you body with honey and lick it up stick it up after
release and let it rupt' is it enough to
(get it wet)
try to marinate your mind whats up am I deserving enough just cause we
up in the club don't be bogus cause you let me
(get it wet)
but you be the only one I be thinkin of gimme a hug you got me sprung in love

verse 2 (Ms. Kane)

Last time I heard you was playing with emotions and po' pimpin'
all up in the clubs smokin' doves fuckin' hella women
Now negro, what's your steelo you want to get with me though
then add up them zeros and lo-dos
You ain't no (?) weed leaves, (huh?) pussy fees, (what?) lex keys,
(damn!)
for Mrs. kane see a half is for my mommy fuck tommy, he ain't tryin to
act snoby let that
smooth head got you right in the bed you need another lover like you
need a hole in the head
Instead of all this talkin let your tongue do the walkin' on down this
clitoris
fuckin' with a wild hundreds bitch ain't that some shit
guaranteed to get you wet
Simple kiss from p.t. lips it won't take a gang of gifts just to hit
this
come take a little glimpse of these sweet hips
when that ass in the air cause an eclipse, on the freak shit
What you know about this slick clits, send you in a thang when you feel
this
bitch run from a virgin sup a 'burban get the derb 'n leave you hurtin
certain
Steady splurgin' when I'm servin', get you wetter than a persian the
X-rated version
I'm urgin' but I ain't thinkin' you can get it yet
but if you good in a minute you can get it what? get it wet

(get it wet)
gimme some tang and alizane let me tickle your body, after the party we
can pleasure will you come let me
(get it wet)
let me saturate you body with honey and lick it up stick it up after
release and let it rupt' is it enough to
(get it wet)
try to marinate your mind whats up am I deserving enough just cause we
up in the club don't be bogus cause you let me
(get it wet)
but you be the only one I be thinkin of gimme a hug you got me sprung in love

verse 3

M, m, m, m, got to be more careful don't hurt 'em girl you sexy when you
mad
then nigga come hurt me baby with a splash
aggression of nana I've never had
As I enter the scene with aroma fresh cologne all that carob on
flamin' up trippin' while stanky roll on
herringbone on gettin' my pose on to the dome strong take a sip of
liquor I'm on bone
Huggin you like I ain't seen you in so long what's up girl, I execute my
unique approach who be the most
willin'to learn and try to be like I got some experience if you need a
coach
Or we can ride tonight and kick it like the homies, who? only me and you
smoke b's up like a cigarette, till I can only see a silhouette and even
though you won't admit it yet
I can tell in time you want me to eventually wanna let me get it what?
get it wet

(get it wet)
gimme some tang and alizane let me tickle your body, after the party we
can pleasure will you come let me
(get it wet)
let me saturate you body with honey and lick it up stick it up after
release and let it rupt' is it enough to
(get it wet)
try to marinate your mind whats up am I deserving enough just cause we
up in the club don't be bogus cause you let me
(get it wet)
but you be the only one I be thinkin of gimme a hug you got me sprung in love
keep it chickenhead,im lookin for a dime
get my swirve on,make it hot,word is bond, im lickin on your ankle
bracelet,we'll be sippin' moet wit strawberries and dat shit, im nasty ask me
why i lick my lips so in the darkness i can run my tongue over your tits
its all good sugary,u aint leavin' sit up on my face and help my stash grow
even
whipped cream taste mean from the back she bounce wit' LL now shorty's on the
map
i put away the gat,took off the hat,throw ya mo's in the air if u like it like
that
no doubt boo,i keep it real girl,mad pleasure,blowin up your whole world
whatever's clever i got endless cash,trees from Hawaii, 2 pools or baths

[chorus]
i'll be loungin with LL Cool J
i'll be loungin' with LL,hey hey

uh,my scenario is grand,a dime peice,hennessey up in my hand
i turn out the lights like teddy,im feenin', standin' in the darkness,now im
ready
uhh,ooh yeah up in ya,let it flow while i pump slow,then i speed it up,heat it
up
make it mo' tasty,so u can swing low and lace me
use your imagination,u do me,i do u,sex education
its all good, it's cranberry absolut,peach shnapps,feelin' tipsy,loungin' on
the rooftops
i'm 'bout to spank u on dat ass(ooh) i know u love it when it lasts(true) when
u need it who u ask (you) what u sayin' when i dash (dont go boo)

[chorus]

u got to bounce wit me suga,word up,u got to bounce wit me suga,worda
worda,word up...

warm it up suga,make it hot,shorties'll swarm,make me wanna bust shots,we
speak daily on the regular,run your jibs all day chip in my cellular
shoot down to jamaica,pretty white sand,suntan oil,pina' coladas in my hand
layin up at night,peepin' at stars,remember,when we was at the club in da
bars?
i told ya my status was that of a don,u thought i was a dog and u aint wanna
get it on,but my mind has attractin' qualities,all the emotions of a young
lady
so here u are,smack dab up in the mix,shorty this here's about as good as it
gets
word up,i'ma treat u like a queen from the heart,crack the bubbly,and let the
episode start.

[chorus]
Oh my heart is spinning like a wheel,
Only she can see the way that I feel
Eyes are holding right across the room
High explosion coming out of the blue
Well here we go again
Living in a world that others cannot share
Yea here we go again
We are moving from a spark to a flame

I am high on emotion, high again
High on emotion, your love will find the way
Hey ......
Oh my heart is burning like a fire
Closer now and she is breathing desire
Take my hand and give it all your light
Take command I am your rhythm tonight
Well here we go again
We are moving from a spark to a flame
Yea here we go again
We are moving from a spark to a flame

I am high on emotion, high again
High on emotion, your love will find the way
[Big Punisher]
Ready for war Joe, how you wanna blow they spot
I know these dirty cops that'll get us in if we murder some wop
Hop in your Hummer, the Punisher's ready; meet me at Beatles'
with Noodles, we'll do this dude while he's slurpin spaghetti
Everybody kiss the fuckin floor, Joey Crack, buck em all
If they move, Noodles shoot that fuckin whore
Dead in the middle of Little Italy little did we know
that we riddled some middleman who didn't do diddily

[Fat Joe]
It'll be a cold day in hell the day I'll take an L
Make no mistake for real I wouldn't hesitate to kill
I'm still the Fat One that you love to hate, catch you at your mother's wake
Smack you then I wack you with my snub trey-eight

[Big Punisher]
I rub your face off the Earth and curse your family children
like Amityville drill the nerves in your cavity fillin
Insanity's building up pavillion in my civilian
The cannon be the anarchy that humanity's dealing
A villain without remorse, who's willing to out your boss
Forever and take all the cheddar like child support

[Fat Joe]
I support Pun in anything he does, anything he loves
My brother from another mother sent from the above
A thug nigga just like me, one of the best -- might be
Even better leavin niggaz kneelin on they right knee

[Big Punisher]
Spike Lee couldn't paint a better picture
You small change, I'm blowin out your brains gettin richer

[Fat Joe]
Hit you with the Mac (Mac), smack your bitch, nigga what?
You gettin stuck, my trigger finger's itchy as a fuck!

[Big Punisher]
Trunk jewels (jewels), cruisin in the Land, pumpin 'Cash Rules'
Last crew to want it caught a hundred tryin to pass through

[Fat Joe]
That's true, so who the next to get it?
TS is the best that did it (get it off your chest kid admit it)

Chorus: Pun, Joe

[Pun] And it's
[Joe] Here, and you don't stop!
[Pun] Twenty shot glock with the cop killer fill em to the top
[Joe] Yeah, and you don't stop!
[Pun] Joey Crack's the rock, and Big Pun keeps the guns cocked
[Joe] Yeah, and you don't stop!
[Pun] We'll make it hot nigga, what bring it I blow your whole spot
[Joe] Yeah, and you don't stop!
[Pun] It's still one-eight-seven on an undercover cop!

[Big Punisher]
Fuck the po-lice, I squeeze first, make em eat dirt
Take em feet first through the morgue, then launch em in the T-bird
The street's cursed, the first amendment's culturally biased
Supposed to supply us with rights, tonight I hold my rosary
tight as I can, I'm one man against the world, just me and my girl
Black Pearl Athena my sena who keeps it real
You know the deal, we steal from the rich and keep it
Peep it it's no secret, watch me and Joe go back and forth and freak it

[Fat Joe]
Creep with me, as I cruise in my Beemer
All the kids in the ghetto call me Don Cartagena
Kickin ass as I blast off heat, and
you never see me talk to police, so
you should know that I really don't care
Pull you by the hair, slit your throat, and I'll leave you right there
So beware it's rare that niggaz want beef, Big Pun speak
and let these motherfuckers know how we run the streets

[Big Punisher]
Fuck peace, I run the streets deep with no compassion, Puerto Ricans
known for slashin catchin niggaz while they sleepin, no relaxin
Keep your eyes open, sharp reflexes
Three techses in the Jeep Lexus just in case police ask us
Street professors, Terror Squad, ghetto scholars
Fill the clips off, inflicts the fear of God when the metal hollers
Better acknowledge or get knocked down until I'm locked and shot down
Heather B couldn't make me put my Glock Down

[Fat Joe]
We lock towns like rounds in the chamber
Boogie Down major like Nine, I bust mine
everytime plus I'm the crime boss of New York
When we talk to walk the walk all my niggaz carry chalk
and stalk, I prey like The Predator, whoever want it
go and get it set it baby and I'ma bury ya
So remember the Squad that I'm reppin
I pull a clip for my weapon and Punish niggaz till it's armaggedeon

Chorus 2X (to fade)
(In background)
Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall
For a chance to be with you I'd gladly risk it all
Through the fire, through whatever come my way
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way...
Right down to the wire, even through the fire

Yo G they can't stop me from rapping can they?
Can that huh?
I spit it through the wire man
To much stuff on my heart right now man
I'll gladly risk it all right now
It's a life or death situation man
Y'all don't really understand how I feel right now man
It's your boy Kayne titter....
Chi-Town what's going on man

(Verse 1)
I drink a boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dizzert
Somebody ordered pancakes I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man bizerk
Not to worry the Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's back wizzork
How do you console my mom or give her light support
When you telling her your sons' on life support
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane scared as hell that her guy look like Emmit Till
She was with me before the deal she been trying to be mine
She a delta so she been throwing them dynasty signs
I'm use to trying to reline
I been trying to be sign
Trying to be a millionaire
How I use two lifelines
In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died
The doctor said I had blood clots
But I ain't jamaican man
Story on MTV and I ain't trying to make a band
I swear this right here is history in the making man

(In background)
Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall
For chance to be with you I'd gladly risk it all
Through the fire, through whatever come my way
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way...
Right down to the wire, even through the fire

I really apologize how I sound right now man
This ain't fair at all man
They got my mouth wired shut for like I don't know the doctor said for like six weeks
You know we had reconstru....
I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw
Looked in the mirror half my jaw was missing and half my mouth
I couldn't believe it
But im still here for yall right now yo
This is what I gotta say yo
Yeah, turn me up yeah

(Verse 2)
What if somebody from the Chi-town was ill got a deal on the hottest rap label around
But he wasn't talking bout coke and birds it was more like spoken word
Except he really putting it down
And he explained the story about how blacks came from glory
And what we need to do in the game
Good dude, Bad night, Right place, Wrong time
In the blink of an eye his whole life changed
If you could feel how my face felt you would know how Mase felt
Thank God I ain't to cool for the safe belt
I swear to God driver two on the sue
I got lawyer for the case to keep my safe book safe
My dawgs couldn't tell if I
I look Tom Cruise on Vanilla Sky
it was televised
There`s been an accident like GEICO
They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael
I must gotta angel
Cause look how death missed his ass
Unbreakable, would you thought they called me Mr. Glass
Look back on my life like the ghost of Christmas past
Toys R Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still wont grow up, I'm a grown ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did
But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire

(In background)
Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall
For chance to be with you I'd gladly risk it all
Through the fire, through whatever come my way
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way...
Right down to the wire, even through the fire

Know what im saying
When the doctor told me I had a um.. I was goin to have a plate on my chin
I said dawg didn't you realize I'll never make it on the plane now
Its bad I got all this jewelry on
Can't be serious man
[Ghostface Killah]
Your technique is ill son, watch how I spill one
Peace to Biggie, 2Pac, Big L and Big Pun
Havoc on the streets of Staten, snitches
House niggas, children watches, they produce the same pattern and
Somebody raped our women, murdered our babies
Hit us with the cracks and guns, in the early 80's
For those that murder me, shall stand before God
To fall at the hands of faith and out comes the Lord
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back
What the fuck is going on? I Can't Go To Sleep
Feds jumpin out they jeeps, I Can't Go To Sleep
Babies with flies on they cheeks, It's hard to Go To Sleep
Ish bowled, two sixes, twice, how could we Go To Sleep?
Aiyo we deep in the stands, we carry can guns
Whippy got, hit him with the big shit, bong-bong
Stop at the cheeba spot, then pass the leak spot
Don't pass ya niggas again, you took a cheap shot
Not know with fuckin wit me, you get your meat chop
You thought we feel on your face, you think the beef stop
Call on chariots, call on the ambulance
You better smile my nigga, you on Candid Cam
Gangster broad, these be the laws, walk with big balls
Nigga muthafuckin you that heighten, take what's with yours
I'm the nigga that made you man
When your rap wasn't doin well, I'm the nigga that gave you a hand

[Isaac Hayes]
Don't kill your brother, learn to love each other
Don't get mad, cuz it ain't that bad
Just be who your are, you've come so far
It's in your head, just be a man
Get the jelly out ya spine, cobwebs hidin mine

[RZA]
I Can't Go To Sleep, I can't shut my eyes
They shot the Father in his moms buildin seven times
And shot Malcolm in the chest, front of his little seeds
Jessie watched as they shot King on the balcony
They spat at Marcus, Garvey cuz he tried to spark us
With the knowledge of ourselves and our forefathers
Oh Jacqueline, you heard the rifle shots cracklin
Her husband head in her hand, you tried to put it back in
America's watchin, blood stains, inks blotches
Medgar took one to the skull for intergratin college
What's the science, somebody, this is trick knowledge
And try to keep us enslaved, and still scrape for dollars
Walkin thru Park Hill drunk as a fuck
Lookin around like -- these Devils so many to break this world down
They got me trapped up in the metal gate
Ya stressed out with hate and this gives me no time to relax
And use my mind to meditate, what should I do?
Grab a blunt or a brew, grab a two-two and run out there
Put this fuckin violence to you
I Can't Go To Sleep, I can't shut 'em son, I--

[Isaac Hayes] *starts on RZA's fourth to last line*
Don't let the game, make you lose ya head
You should be callin the shots instead
The power is in your head, stop all this cryin and be a man
Greg Nice)
Sometimes I rhyme slow sometimes I rhyme quick
I'm sweeter and thicker than a chico stick
Here's an ice cream cone honey take a lick
I go to Bay Plaza and catch a flick
Wore my Timberland boots so I can stomp ticks
Scandalous get a wiff of this mist
Just left the yard boy
know I'm blissed
I feel good per say good state of mind
Drive a red Sterling and the seats recline
I love it when a lady treats me kind
Go to Tavern on the Green and have a glass of wine
He say, she say I heard it through the grapevine
No static, got an automatic
Too much of anything makes you an addict
Teasin, skeezin also pleasin
Don't ask why I got my own reasons
Smooth B Greg Nice Slick Nick click
Sometimes I rhyme slow sometimes I rhyme quick...

(chorus)

(Smooth B)
Sometimes I rhyme slow sometimes I rhyme quick
I was on 1-2-5 and Saint Nick
Waiting on a cab, standing in the rain
Under my heart three clouds of pain
She got the best of me
What was her destiny?
Maybe I should lick her with my nine millime...ter
My mind is in a blur
Cause you could never pay me to think this would occur
Me and this girl Jane Doe was living together
We were inseparable, no one could sever
At least that's what I thought
But later I fought with her substance
And almost ended up in Supreme Court
When I was on the road doing shows getting ends
She was in my Benz getting sniffy with her friends
And even when she crashed my whip I didn't flip
My man Slick Nick said Smooth you're starting to slip
Time went on I started noticing weight loss
Then I had to ask her was she riding the white horse
At first she said no, then she said yo Smooth I'm sorry
But I keep having visions of snow
I need blow
And I said woah little hottie
I'm not DeLorian, Gambino or Gotti
I don't deal coke, and furthermore you're making me broke
I'll put you in a rehab and I won't tell your folks
And what do you know
In 18 months she came home and I let her back in
And now she's sniffing again...

(chorus)
I can't light no more of your darkness
All my pictures seem to fade to black and white
I'm growing tired and time stands still before me
Frozen here on the ladder of my life

It's too late to save myself from falling
I took a chance and changed your little life
But you misread my meaning when I met you
Closed the door and left me blinded by the light

Don't let the sun go down on me
Although I search myself it's someone else I see
I'd just allow a fragment of your life to wander free
But losing everything is like the sun going down on me

I can't find all the right romantic lines
But see me once and see the way I feel
And don't discard me just because you think I mean you harm
But these cuts I have they need love to help them heal

(repeat chorus twice)
(Ol' switcheroo-ass, bitch made motherfuckers..)
Outlaw nigga, Westside, throw it up
Hahaha.. had love for 'em, but why you turnin on me?
Why me? Westside, how you do it boy?

[2Pac]
I went from, nothin to somethin now they all wanna see me fall
And the player haters hate to see a thug nigga ball
And they say we hate the East coast, but that's funny
Got a lot of love for, any niggaz gettin money
I made a song about my enemies and niggaz tripped
It was hip-hop until Tupac fucked Biggie bitch
Y'all niggaz hypocrites and bitch made
Now either love me or hate me but real thug niggaz get paid
Have me catchin cases all across the nation
I went to jail to bail to barely on probation
They got a player facin three strikes, and we might
just blast God bless the child that can get cash
But all these niggaz turnin and never learn
Got a long line of niggaz player hatin me but gettin burned
Talk a lot of shit but youse a trick in drag
Like the Mack make you fall back and stick yo' ass for back pay

[Chorus: singers + 2Pac]
Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me (Why y'all turnin on me?)
When you niggaz see me you flee (Why me?)
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G.. (Why me?)
Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me
When you niggaz see me you flee
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G

[add to line seven of Chorus first time: &amp;quot;Yeah nigga!&amp;quot;]

[2Pac]
It, started so innocent, but ended in the fifth precinct
Approach the juvenile delinquent, we still decent
Playin catch and kiss, used to diss the herbs
Fuck school we was skippin drink a fifth on the curb
Me and you, no closer two, while drinkin brew
What you need nigga? Anything at all come to me nigga
You can wear my clothes and my gold for the hoes
Gave you the keys to the jeep, offered my home as an open door
But then you picked a new direction, in the blink of an eye
My time away just made perfection, did you think I'd die?
I never got a single visit yet I carry on
All my old friends too busy now my money gone
Said I got raped in jail, picture that? {*laughter*}
Revenge is a payback bitch, get your gat
Fuck {Wendy Williams} and I pray you choke
on the next dick down your throat, for turnin on me

[Chorus]

[2Pac]
I put Jenny Craig on your fat ass, you fat troll
Anybody ever seen {Wendy Williams} fat ass?
Why you always wearin Spandex you fat bitch?
I know your pussy stinks, you fat hoe
I'm puttin Jenny Craig on you bitch
I'm about to put a twenty-thousand dollar, hit
through Jenny Craig to come find yo' ass
and put you in a fat farm, you fat bitch!
Thug Life, Outlaw, Westside bitch
It's Tupac so you know who said it
And for everybody who didn't like what I said about that other trick
and Mobb Deep, fuck you too nigga!
If a nigga didn't want to get talked about
he shouldn'ta stepped in the fuckin ring
If Tyson don't want to get knocked out
he don't step in the fuckin ring, that's how the shit go
When Tyson get in the ring, he knock motherfuckers out!
Well that's what Tupac gon' do
When niggaz come against me, I'ma knock they punk ass out!
One way or the motherfuckin other
This old motherfuckin nigga in the South told me nigga
It's more than one way to skin a cat
It's more than one way to shoot a gat
It's more than one way to die nigga
When I'm through, everybody cry nigga
This is how we do it

[Chorus]

[2Pac]
i said a hip hop the hippie the hippie
to the hip hip hop, a you dont stop
the rock it to the bang bang boogie say up jumped the boogie
to the rhythm of the boogie, the beat

now what you hear is not a test--i'm rappin to the beat
and me, the groove, and my friends are gonna try to move your feet
see i am wonder mike and i like to say hello
to the black, to the white, the red, and the brown, the purple and yellow
but first i gotta bang bang the boogie to the boogie
say up jump the boogie to the bang bang boogie
let's rock, you dont stop
rock the riddle that will make your body rock
well so far youve heard my voice but i brought two friends along
and next on the mike is my man hank
come on, hank, sing that song

check it out, i'm the c-a-s-an-the-o-v-a
and the rest is f-l-y
ya see i go by the code of the doctor of the mix
and these reasons i'll tell ya why
ya see i'm six foot one and i'm tons of fun
and i dress to a t
ya see i got more clothes than muhammad ali and i dress so viciously
i got bodyguards, i got two big cars
that definitely aint the wack
i got a lincoln continental and a sunroof cadillac
so after school, i take a dip in the pool
which really is on the wall
i got a color tv so i can see
the knicks play basketball
hear me talkin bout checkbooks, credit cards
more money than a sucker could ever spend
but i wouldnt give a sucker or a bum from the rucker
not a dime til i made it again
ya go hotel motel whatcha gonna do today (say what)
ya say im gonna get a fly girl gonna get some spankin
drive off in a def oj
everybody go, hotel motel holiday inn
say if your girl starts actin up, then you take her friend
master gee, am I mellow
its on you so what you gonna do

well it's on n on n on on n on
the beat dont stop until the break of dawn
i said m-a-s, t-e-r, a g with a double e
i said i go by the unforgettable name
of the man they call the master gee
well, my name is known all over the world
by all the foxy ladies and the pretty girls
i'm goin down in history
as the baddest rapper there could ever be
now i'm feelin the highs and ya feelin the lows
the beat starts gettin into your toes
ya start poppin ya fingers and stompin your feet
and movin your body while youre sittin in your seat
and the damn ya start doin the freak
i said damn, right outta your seat
then ya throw your hands high in the air
ya rockin to the rhythm, shake your derriere
ya rockin to the beat without a care
with the sureshot m.c.s for the affair
now, im not as tall as the rest of the gang
but i rap to the beat just the same
i dot a little face and a pair of brown eyes
all im here to do ladies is hypnotize
singin on n n on n on n on
the beat dont stop until the break of dawn
singin on n n on n on on n on
like a hot buttered a pop da pop da pop dibbie dibbie
pop da pop pop ya dont dare stop
come alive yall gimme what ya got
i guess by now you can take a hunch
and find that i am the baby of the bunch
'but that's okay i still keep in stride
cause all i'm here to do is just wiggle your behind
singin on n n on n on n on
the beat dont stop until the break of dawn
singin on n n on n on on n on
rock rock yall throw it on the floor
im gonna freak ya here im gonna feak ya there
im gonna move you outta this atmosphere
cause im one of a kind and ill shock your mind
ill put t-t-tickets in your behind
i said 1-2-3-4, come on girls get on the floor
a-come alive, yall a-gimme what ya got
cause im guaranteed to make you rock
i said 1-2-3-4 tell me wonder mike what are you waitin for?
i said a hip hop the hippie to the hippie
the hip hip hop, a you dont stop
the rock it to the bang bang boogie say up jumped the boogie
to the rhythm of the boogie, the beat
skiddlee beebop a we rock a scoobie doo
and guess what america we love you
cause ya rock and ya roll with so much soul
you could rock till you're a hundred and one years old
i dont mean to brag i dont mean to boast
but we like hot butter on our breakfast toast
rock it up baby bubbah
baby bubbah to the boogie da bang bang da boogie
to the beat beat, its so unique
come on everybody and dance to the beat



i said a hip hop the hippie the hippie
to the hip hip hop, a you dont stop
rock it out baby bubbah to the boogie da bang bang
the boogie to the boogie da beat

i said i cant wait til the end of the week
when im rappin to the rhythm of a groovy beat
and attempt to raise your body heat
just blow your mind so that you cant speak
and do a thing but a rock and shuffle your feet
and let it change up to a dance called the freak
and when ya finally do come in to your rhythmic beat
rest a little while so ya dont get weak
i know a man named hank
he has more rhymes than a serious bank
so come on hank sing that song
to the rhythm of the boogie da bang bang da bong

well, im imp the dimp the ladies pimp
the women fight for my delight
but im the grandmaster with the three mcs
that shock the house for the young ladies
and when you come inside, into the front
you do the freak, spank, and do the bump
and when the sucker mcs try to prove a point

we're treacherous trio, we're the serious joint
a from sun to sun and from day to day
i sit down and write a brand new rhyme
because they say that miracles never cease
i've created a devastating masterpiece
i'm gonna rock the mike til you cant resist
everybody, i say it goes like this
well i was comin home late one dark afternoon
a reporter stopped me for a interview
she said she's heard stories and she's heard fables
that i'm vicious on the mike and the turntables
this young reporter i did adore
so i rocked a vicious rhyme like i never did before
she said damn fly guy im in love with you
the casanova legend must have been true
i said by the way baby what's your name
said i go by the name of lois lane
and you could be my boyfiend you surely can
just let me quit my boyfriend called superman
i said he's a fairy i do suppoose
flyin through the air in pantyhose
he may be very sexy or even cute
but he looks like a sucker in a blue and red suit
i said you need a man who's got finesse
and his whole name across his chest
he may be able to fly all through the night
but can he rock a party til the early light
he cant satisfy you with his little worm
but i can bust you out with my super sperm
i go do it, i go do it, i go do it, do it , do it
an i'm here an i'm there i'm big bang hank, im everywhere
just throw your hands up in the air
and party hardy like you just dont care
let's do it dont stop yall a tick a tock yall you dont stop
go hotel motel what you gonna do today(say what)
im gonna get a fly girl gonna get some spank drive off in a def oj
everybody go hotel motel holiday inn
you say if your girl starts actin up then you take her friend
i say skip, dive, what can i say
i cant fit em all inside my oj
so i just take half and bust them out
i give the rest to master gee so he could shock the house
it was twelve o'clock one friday night
i was rockin to the beat and feelin all right
everybody was dancin on the floor
doin all the things they never did before
and then this fly fly girl with a sexy lean
she came into the bar, she came into the scene
as she traveled deeper inside the room
all the fellas checked out her white sasoons
she came up to the table, looked into my eyes
then she turned around and shook her behind
so i said to myself, its time for me to release
my vicious rhyme i call my masterpiece
and now people in the house this is just for you
a little rap to make you boogaloo
now the group ya hear is called phase two
and let me tell ya somethin we're a helluva crew
once a week we're on the street
just a-cuttin' the jams and making it free
for you to party ya got to have the movies
so we'll get right down and give you the groove
for you to dance you gotta get hype
so we'll get right down for you tonight
now the system's on and the girls are there
ya definitely have a rockin affair
but let me tell ya somethin there's still one fact
that to have a party ya got to have a rap
so when the party's over you're makin it home
and tryin to sleep before the break of dawn
and while ya sleepin ya start to dream
and thinkin how ya danced on the disco scene
my name appears in your mind
yeah, a name you know that was right on time
it was phase two just a doin a do
rockin ya down cause ya know we could
to the rhythm of the beat that makes ya freak
come alive girls get on your feet
to the rhythm of the beat to the beat the beat
to the double beat beat that it makes ya freak
to the rhythm of the beat that says ya go on
on n on into the break of dawn
now i got a man comin on right now
he's guaranteed to throw down
he goes by the name of wonder mike
come on wonder mike do what ya like

like a can of beer that's sweeter than honey
like a millionaire that has no money
like a rainy day that is not wet
like a gamblin fiend that does not bet
like dracula with out his fangs
like the boogie to the boogie without the boogie bang
like collard greens that dont taste good
like a tree that's not made out of wood
like goin up and not comin down
is just like the beat without the sound no sound
to the beat beat, ya do the freak
everybody just rock and dance to the beat
have you ever went over a friends house to eat
and the food just aint no good
i mean the macaroni's soggy the peas are mushed
and the chicken tastes like wood
so you try to play it off like you think you can
by sayin that youre full
and then your friend says momma he's just being polite
he aint finished uh uh that's bull
so your heart starts pumpin and you think of a lie
and you say that you already ate
and your friend says man there's plenty of food
so you pile some more on your plate
while the stinky foods steamin your mind starts to dreamin
of the moment that it's time to leave
and then you look at your plate and your chickens slowly rottin
into something that looks like cheese
oh so you say that's it i got to leave this place
i dont care what these people think
im just sittin here makin myself nauseous
with this ugly food that stinks
so you bust out the door while its still closed
still sick from the food you ate
and then you run to the store for quick relief
from a bottle of kaopectate
and then you call your friend two weeks later
to see how he has been
and he says i understand about the food
baby bubbah but we're still friends
with a hip hop the hippie to the hippie
the hip hip a hop a you dont stop the rockin
to the bang bang boogie
say up jump the boogie to the rhythm of the boogie the beat
i say hank can ya rock
can ya rock to the rhythm that just dont stop
can ya hip me to the shoobie doo
i said come on
i go to the halls and then ring the bell
because i am the man with the clientele
and if ya ask me why i rock so well
a big bang, i got clientele
and from the time i was only six years old
i never forgot what i was told
it was the best advice that i ever had
it came from my wise dear old dad
he said sit down punk i wanna talk to you
and dont say a word until i'm through
now there's a time to laugh a time to cry
a time to live and a time to die
a time to break and a time to chill
to act civilized or act real ill
but whatever ya do in your lifetime
ya never let a mc steal your rhyme
so from sixty six til this very day
ill always remember what he had to say
so when the sucker mcs try to chump my style
i let them know that i'm versatile
i got style finesse and a little black book
that's filled with rhymes and i know you wanna look
but there's a thing that separates you from me
and that's called originality
because my rhymes are on from what you heard
i didnt even bite and not a god d--m word
and i say a little more later on tonight
so the sucker mc's can bite all night
a tick a tock yall a beat beat yall
a lets rock yall ya dont stop
ya go hotel motel whatcha gonna do today (say what)
ya say im gonna get a fly girl gonna get some spankin
drive off in a def oj
everybody go hotel motel holiday inn
ya say if your girl starts actin up then you take her friends
a like that yall to the beat yall
beat beat yall ya dont stop
a master gee am I mellow?
its on you so whatcha gonna do

well like johnny carson on the late show
a like frankie croker in stereo
well like the barkay's singin holy ghost
the sounds to throw down they're played the most

its like my man captain sky
whose name he earned with his super sperm
we rock and we dont stop
get off yall im here to give you whatcha got
to the beat that it makes you freak
and come alive girl get on your feet
a like a perry mason without a case
like farrah fawcett without her face

like the barkays on the mike
like gettin right down for you tonight
like movin your body so ya dont know how
right to the rhythm and throw down

like comin alive to the master gee
the brother who rocks so viciously
i said the age of one my life begun
at the age of two i was doin the do
at the age of three it was you and me
rockin to the sounds of the master gee
at the age of four i was on the floor
givin all the freaks what they bargained for
at the age of five i didnt take no jive
with the master gee its all the way live
at the age of six i was a pickin up sticks
rappin to the beat my stick was fixed
at the age of seven i was rockin in heaven dontcha know i went off
i got right on down to the beat you see
gettin right on down makin all the girls
just take of their clothes to the beat the beat
to the double beat beat that makes you freak
at the age of eight i was really great
cause every night you see i had a date
at the age of nine i was right on time
cause every night i had a party rhyme
goin on n n on n on on n on
the beat dont stop until the break of dawn
a sayin on n n on n on on n on...
like a hot buttered de pop de pop de pop
a saying on n n on n on on n on
cause i'm a helluva man when i'm on the mike
i am the definate feast delight
cause i'm a helluva man when i'm on the mike
i am the definate feast delight
come to the master gee you see
the brother who rocks so viciously
Joy to the world! the Lord is come;
Let earth receive her King;
Let every heart prepare Him room,
and heaven and nature sing,
and heaven and nature sing,
and heaven, and heaven and nature sing.

Joy to the earth! the Savior reigns;
Let men their songs employ;
while fields and floods,
rocks, hills and plains
Repeat the sounding joy,
Repeat the sounding joy,
Repeat, repeat the sounding joy.

No more let sins and sorrows grow,
nor thorns infest the ground;
He comes to make His blessing flow
far as the curse is found,
far as the curse is found,
far as, far as the curse is found.

He rules the world with truth and grace,
and makes the nations prove
the glories of His righteousness,
and wonders of His love,
and wonders of His love,
(feat. Trick Daddy)

[Intro: ludacris]
Ooooh you feel that as i take you to them dirt roads deep in your southern roots
When nobody said life was going to be easy and we travel to this emotional roller coaster called life
And we have our ups and downs ain't
Just keep in mind
When you hit rock bottom
There aint no where to go but up baby
Just all you about how you deal wit it you feel me.. listen here

[chorus]
When life seems hopeless
It make a nigga lose focus
Empty beer bottles and roaches,
Helps to get it off my chest
'Cause I'm so stressed and all i hear is &amp;quot;fuck tha world&amp;quot; [2x]

[verse 1: Ludacris]
Man ever since life been a gamble
My life been in shambles
Double edge sword burnin' both sides of the candle but Cris but you cant handle the truth
Don't wanna face reality
So lord accept my apology
Please like when police say freeze
And i aint do shit
But im down on my knees
Its a crooked system but gin straight take the pain away i charge the game
And put my problems on layaway
A black man but i feel so blue
So i smoke green and purple til my dreams come true
Then my eyes turn red
Sky turns grey
Children slangin white in the hood
We call it yaay drink old gold
Down my yellow brick road
Then rewrite my script til my story is untold
See i got a little money and my life sped up now
Im fallin and i cant get up

[chorus 2x]

[verse 2: trick daddy]
I had to dream about a dope fiend
And its strange cause he can bearly write or read but seems to get folkz about anything curious about him
I wanted to talk to him but he was to busy fo that
But i was more then welcome to walk with him
As we walked
He talked and i just listen
He said theres a big differnce between crackas and niggas
See he said white folks look out fo the white folks but uh black folks blang wit tha black folks
When they aint enough black roakz
When you ooh to make a long story short
We need pay more attenion and do things that are more compleset and he told me
You kno i woulldnt say something that wouldnt work and i wouldnt damn waste my time telling something that would hurt you
But you would fall for anything
If you dont stand for something
But thats for certain but niggas dont be listen and that shit be hurting
No all of us but some of us
And if we dont hurry up
They going to bury each and every one of us
And if we dont hurry up

[chorus repeat 2x w/ trick daddy]

[verse 3: ludacris]
Sometimes i cant deal wit my daily issues
Just being sober lifes a bitch and i cant control her
I wish i could and sometimes to cry on
We need a shoulder
The goverment stand us up
To run us over
And in the hood they dont seem to understand
God damn whats really got me wondering
Is if its a part of a bigger plan man
I smell some thing fishy goin on and its way beyond blowin away the smoke from these swisher
Goin on it aint much i can do about it but preach the word of telling my people to spend ya money wisely dont be obcared
By some things that depresiated like what like a home to open ya eyes to
Whats the fucks thats goings on cause the constantly getting rid of us one by one wither its drugs or diesase or gun by
Gun i aint no saint either i feel that im even doing wrong by usein this chorus to get thru this song

[chorus repeat 2x w/ trick daddy]

[outro: trick daddy]
You know yall going to mess around and complain about slavery that was over 40 50 years ago black folks need to move on
Yall keep playin wit a crackerthey going to have yo ass tied up wired up to them back roads south florida and they made
Them laws say they cant do anything for you can a church get a amen and god for the thugs.
Driving in my big black car
Nothing can go wrong
I'm going and I don't know how far
So, so long.

Maybe I'll sleep in a Holiday Inn
Nothing can hurt me
Nothing can touch me
Why should I care?
Driving's a gas
It ain't gonna last.

Sunny day, highway
If it rains it's all the same.
I can't feel a thing
I can't feel a thing

I've got a big black car.

Nothing can hurt me
Nothing can touch me
Why should I care?
Driving's a gas
It ain't gonna last.

The lights above, oh yes.
I see the stars above
Yeah

(Chorus) (Everlast)
Cool as a summer breeze
Drifting on memory
She got me on my knee
But darlin' I'm begging, please
And if there's a winter storm
And I'm there to keep you warm
In whatever shape or form
Baby girl gotta put me on

(Mad Child)
It's been ten years runnin' and you still look stunnin'
One in a million, Diamond, you're beautiful with brilliance
Still it's not enough, even though we're inseparable
We need to take a break but that don't mean that I'll let you go
Tears become streams, we got the same dreams
What's with all the competition, Ma? We on the same team
Angel, sometimes I don't show it on the surface
But, your face is unreplacable, it's perfect, you're worth it
I'm not always there emotionally, even though you're close to me
I got work to do, that's how its supposed to be
And I ain't into choppin' it up
I'll switch your top but don't trip, got you a brand new whip
And took you shoppin', it's cool
Just do your thing while I work on this music shit
If we don't end up back together, though Imma lose it, kid
I gotta spit viscously and throw bolts of thunder
For now be a stranger, but don't change your number.

(CHORUS) (Everlast)
Cool as a summer breeze
Drifting on memory
She got me on my knee
But darlin' I'm begging, please
And if there's a winter storm
And I'm there to keep you warm
In whatever shape or form
Baby girl gotta put me on

Hey

(Everlast)
She's a hot one, ain't no one illa
Butter pecan and French vanilla
Shit, I'm speakin'- it's true word for realla'
Baby girl be like a stone killa'
She call me Pop and sometimes it's daddy
She lookin' proper, never look ratty
Her waste is small, her booty's real fatty
Might let her hold the keys to my caddy

(Prevail)
Of all the beautiful women that I've met in this world
Why's it such a challenge trying to find the right girl?
I've dated actresses, models, strippers, intellectuals
Four months max, like Maxim, it's all sexual.
Incredible, I've been to more than twenty countries
Got dirty, ugly with hunnies that were lovely.
But trust me, I'm a Scorpio
That's how it has to be
Till I'm chillin' with children and a house
I'm fast and free

(Moka Only)
Lookin' back through all the Springs that passed
The Summer time fun with no strings attached
I'll never find love and these flings don't last
Will there ever be a queen for this king to match?
Till then, I'll be...

(Chorus)x2 (Everlast)
Cool as a summer breeze
Drifting on memory
She got me on my knee
But darlin' I'm begging, please
And if there's a winter storm
And I'm there to keep you warm
In whatever shape or form
Baby girl gotta put me on

Baby girl put me on...

- entered by Gordon F.
Whoo, chea, chea, chea
Turn tha music up turn the lights down I'm in my zone

Chorus

Thank god for granting me this moment of clarity
This moment of honesty the world'll feel my truths
Through my hard knock life time my gift and the curse
I gave you volume after volume of my work so you can feel my truths
I built the dynasty by bein one of the realest niggas out
Way beyond a Reasonable Doubt (Yall can't fill my shoes)
From my Blueprint beginnings to my black album ending
If you listen close you'll hear what I'm about
Nigga feel my truths

Pop died didn't cry didn't know him that well
Between him doin heroin and me doin crack sales
Put that in an eggshell standing at the tabernacle rather the church
Pretending to be hurt wouldn't work
So a smirk was all on my face
Like damn that man's face is just like my face
So pop I forgive you for all the shit that I lived through
I wasn't all your fault homie you got caught
And to the same game I fought
That uncle ray lost
My big brothers and so many others I saw
I'm just glad we got to see each other
Talk and re meet each other
Save a place in heaven for the next time we meet forever

Chorus

The music business hate me cause the industry ain't make me
Hustlers and boosters embrace me and the music I be makin
I dumbed down for my audience and double my dollars
They criticize me for it yet they all yell holla
If skillz sold truth be told I probably be lyrically Talib Kweli
Truthfully I wanna rhyme like common sense
(But I did 5 mil) I ain't been rhymin like common sense
When your sense got that much in common and you been hustlin' since
Your inception fuck perception go with what make sense
Since I know what I'm up against we as rappers must decide what is most impor-tant
And I can't help the poor if I'm one of them
So I got rich and gave back to me that's a win win
So next time you see the homie and his rims spin
Just know my mind is workin just like them
(The rims that is)

Chorus

My homie Sigel's on a tier where no tears should fall
Cause he was on the block where no squares get off
See in my inner circle all we do is ball
Till we all got triangles on our walls
They just rappin for the platinum
Yall record I recall cause I really been there before
4 scores a seven years ago prepare for flow
Prepare for war I should fear no man
But you don't hear me though
These words ain't just paired to go in one ear and out the other ear no
Yo my balls and my words is alls I have
What you gonna do to me nigga a scar's a scab
What you gonna box me home I could dodge a jab
3 shots couldn't touch me thank god for that
I'm strong enough to carry Biggie Smalls on my back
And the whole BK nigga holla back

Chorus
Hit me
Going, going, gone

Now I dialed 9-1-1 a long time ago
Don't you see how late they're reactin'?
They only come and they come when they wanna
So get the morgue enbalm the goner
They don't care cuz they stay paid anyway
They teach ya like an ace they ain't be betrayed
A no-use number with no-use people
If your life is on the line, then you're dead today
Late comings with the late comin' stretcher
That's a body bag in disguise y'all, I betcha
I call 'em body snatchers 'cuz they come to fetch ya
With an autopsy ambulance just to dissect ya
They are the kings cuz they swing amputation
Lose your arms, your legs to them it's compilation
I can prove it to you watch the rotation
It all adds up to a funky situation

Chorus:
So get up-a get get get down
9-1-1 is a joke in yo' town
Get up-a get get get down
Late 9-1-1 wears the late crown

9-1-1 is a joke (x2)

Everyday they don't never come correct
You can ask my man right here with the broken neck
He's a witness to the job never being done
He would've been in full 8 9-1-1
Was a joke cuz they' always jokin'
They the token to your life when it's croakin'
They need to be in a pawn shop on a
9-1-1 is a joke we don't want 'em
I call a cab cuz a cab will come quicker
The doctors huddle up and call a flea ficker
The reason that I say that cuz they
Flick you off like fleas
They be laughin' at ya while you're crawlin' on your knees
And to the strength so go the length
Thinkin' you are first when you really are tenth
You better wake up and smell the real flavor
Cuz 9-1-1 is a fake life saver

Chourus

Ow, ow, 9-1-1 is a joke
Starin through my rearview
just lookin back at the world
from another level
starin..

Multiple gunshots fill the block, the fun stops
Niggaz is callin cops, people shot, nobody stop
I wonder when the world stopped caring last night
Two kids shot while the whole block staring
I will never understand this society, first they try
to murder me, then they lie to me, product of a dying breed
All my homies trying weed, now the little baby's
crazed raised off Hennesey, tell me will my enemies
flee when they see me, believe me
Even Thugs gotta learn to take it easy, listen
Through the intermissions search your heart for a plan
and we turnin Bad Boys to grown men, it's on again

I give a holla to my niggaz in the darkest corners
Roll a perfect blunt, and let me spark it for ya
One love from a thug nigga rollin with a posse
full of paranoid drug dealers, to the end my friend

I'm seein nuttin but my dreams comin true
While I'm starin at the world through my rearview,
see I'm seein nuttin but my dreams comin true
While I'm starin at the world through my rearview see
They got me starin at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin fast cause it's time to die
Gettin high, watchin time fly, and all my motherfuckers
They got me starin at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin fast cause it's time to die (we)
Gettin high, watchin time fly, and all my motherfuckers


[E.D.I.]
Now you see him, now you don't, some niggaz
be here for the moment, and then they gone, what happened to em?
Well let's see, it seems to be a mystery
But all I know I never let the money get to me
Stay down like the, truest
Thug Life until I check out this bitch, I thought you knew this
Who is, gonna catch me when I fall or even care to
While you thinkin I see you lost up in my rearview
Half you, is down with them Outlawz
Outcast, left far, I'm through like southpaws
But still we keep mashin til our dreams come through
Starin at the world through my rearview

[Tupac]
Now I was raised as a young black male
In order to get paid, forced to make crack sales
Caught a nigga so they send me to these overpacked jails
In the cell, countin days in this livin black Hell, do you feel me?
Keys to ignition, use at your discretion
Roll with a twelve gauge pump for protection
Niggaz hate me in the section from years of chin checkin
Turn to Smith and Wesson war weapons
Heavenly Father I'm a soldier, I'm gettin hotter
cause the world's gettin colder, baby let me hold ya
Talk to my guns like they fly bitches
All you bustas best to run look at my bitches

Now I know the answers to the question, do dreams come true
Still starin at the world through my rearview
I say
Now I know the answers to the question, do dreams come true
Still starin at the world through my rearview
They got me starin at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin fast cause it's time to die
Gettin high, watchin time fly and all my motherfuckers
Starin at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin fast cause it's time to die
Gettin high, watchin time fly nigga can die


[Khadafi]
Back in the days we hustled for sneakers and beepers
Nine-six for glocks cause fiends hittin up blocks with street sweepers
Bless myself when knowin rules to these streets, somethin I learned
in school, on some Million Man March shit for the peace
True that, only one life to lead, a fast life of greed
Criminally addicted, infested since a seed
We all die, breed bleed like humans, towns run
by young guns, Outlawz and truants, shit's deep
Turn eighteen, burn my will when I go
Burnt my body with my shotty, or chosin my dough
So while you reminiscin all nights out with the crew
Smoke a blunt for me too, I'm starin through your rearview

[Tupac]
Hahahaha, you ain't knowin what we mean by starin through the rearview
So since you ain't knowin what we mean let me break down understandin
The world, the world is behind us
Once a motherfucker get an understanding on the game
and what the levels and the rules of the game is
Then the world ain't no trick no more
The world is a game to be played
So now we lookin at the world, from like, behind us
Niggaz know what we gotta do, just gotta put our mind to it and do it
It's all about the papers, money rule the world
Bitches make the world go round
Real niggaz do they wanna do, bitch niggaz do what they can't

Starin at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin fast cause it's time to die
Gettin high, watchin time fly, ya know
Starin at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you
I can feel your heart beatin fast cause it's time to die
Gettin high, watchin time flyand we'll be
Starin at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you
heart beatin fast... time to die
High, watchin time fly, ya know
Starin at the world through my rearview
Go on baby scream to God, he can't hear you heart beatin fast.. time to die
high, watchin time fly
Verse 1]
Yeah.... Harlem streets stay flooded in white powder
Like those motherfuckers runnin' away from the twin towers
Gunshots rock the earth like a meteor shower
Bowling For Columbine, fair, giving the media power
Innocence devoured like a chicken spot snack box
Government cocaine cooked into ghetto crack rock
Corrupt cops false testimony at your arraignment
Check to check, constant struggle to make the payments
Working your whole life wondering where the day went
The subway stays packed like a multi-cultural slaveship
It's rush hour, 2:30 to 8, non stoppin'
And people coming home after corporate sharecroppin
And fuck flossin, mothers are trying to feed children
But gentrification is kicking them out of their building
A generation of babies born without healthcare
Families homeless, thrown the fuck off the welfare

[Hook]
Homicide Harlem, BLAOW!, what's the problem?
Homicide Harlem, BLAOW!, what's the problem?
Homicide Harlem, BLAOW!, what's the problem?
Homicide Harlem, BLAOW!, what's the problem?

[Verse 2]
It's like Cambodia the killing fields uptown
We live in distress and hang the flag upside down
The sound of conservative politicians on television
People in the hood are blind so they tell us to listen

CLICK ABOVE TO VISIT OUR SPONSORS

They vote for us to go to war instantly
But none of their kids serve in the infantry
The odds are stacked against us like a casino
Think about it, most of the army is black and latino
And if you can't acknowledge the reality of my words
You just another stupid motherfucker out on the curb
Trying to escape from the ghetto with your ignorant ways
But you can't read history at an illiterate stage
And you can't raise a family on minimum wage
Why the fuck you think most of us are locked in a cage
I give niggaz the truth, cause they pride is indigent
You better off rich and guilty than poor and innocent
But I'm sick of feeling impotent watching the world burn
In the era of apocalypse waiting my turn
I'm a Harlem nigga that's concerned with the future
And if you're in my way it'd be an honor to shoot ya
Uproot ya with the evil that grows in my people
Making them deceitful, cannibalistic and lethal
But I see through the mentality implanted in us
And I educate my fam about who we should trust

[Hook]
Homicide Harlem, BLAOW!, what's the problem?
Homicide Harlem, BLAOW!, what's the problem?
Homicide Harlem, BLAOW!, what's the problem?
Homicide Harlem, BLAOW!, what's the problem?
Uh uh, yo
They plan was to knock me out the top of the game
But I overstand they truth is all lame
I hold cannons that shoot balls of flames
Right in they fat mouth then I carve my name
Nas - too real, Nas - true king
It's however you feel, g'head, you swing
Your arms too short to box with god
I don't kill soloists only kill squads
Fame went to they head, so now it's "Fuck Nas"
Yesterday you begged for a deal, today you tough guys
I seen it comin
Soon as I popped my first bottle I spotted my enemies tryna' do what I do
Came in with my style, so I fathered you
I kept changin on the world since "...Barbeque"
Now you wanna hang with niggas I hung with
Fuck bitches I hit, it's funny I once said...
If I, ever make a record
I take a check and put something away for a rainy day to make my exit
But look at me now, ten years deep
Since in the project, crack in my socks weep
I never asked to be top of rap's elite
Just a ghetto child tryna' learn the traps of the streets
But look at me now

(Chorus)
"You're the man" "You're the man"
"You're the man" "You're the man"
"You're the man" "You're the man"
"You're the man" "You're the man"
"You're the man" "You're the man"

now wait a sec', give me time to explain, women and fast cars
And diamond rings can poison a rap star
It's suicidal, how I smoke in so much la'
I saw a dead bird flyin through a broken sky
Wish I could flap wings and fly away
To where black kings and Ghana stay
So I could get on my flesh right away
But that'll be the day when it's peace
When my gat don't need to spray
When these streets are safe to play
Sex with death, indulge in these women
Vision my own skeleton swimmin in eternal fire
Broads play with pentagrams in they vagina
Like the Exorcist, then they gave birth to my seeds
I beg for God's help, why they love hurtin me?
I'm your disciple, a thug certainly
I'm the N the A to the S-I-R
If I wasn't I must've been Escobar
Forty-five in my waist, starin at my reflection
In the mirror, sittin still in the chair like my conception
When everything around me got cloudy, the chair became a king's throne
My destiny found me
It's clear why the struggle was so painful
Metamorphosis, this is what I changed to
And God, I'm so thankful

(Chorus to fade)
[Run]
Run.. (Run..) D.. (D) M.. (M) C.. (C)
Rock.. (rock.. rock..)
For you! (for you.. for you..)
Fresh (fresh.. fresh..)

{*guitar solo*}

[Run]
For all you sucker MC's perpetratin a FRAUD
Your rhymes are cold wack and keep the crowd cold lost
You're the kind of guy that girl ignored
I'm drivin Caddy, you fixin a FORD
My name is Joseph Simmons but my middle name's Lord
and when I'm rockin on the mic, you should all applaud
Because we're (wheelin, dealin, we got a funny feelin)
We rock from the floor up the ceilin
We groove it (you move it) it has been proven
We calmed the seven seas because our music is SOOTHIN
We create it (relate it) and often demonstrate it
We'll diss a sucker MC make the other suckers hate it
We're rising (suprising) and often hypnotizing
We always tell the truth and then we never slip no lies in
No curls (no braids) peasy-head and still get paid
Jam Master cut the record up and down and cross-fade

{*guitar solo*}

[Run]
Because the rhymes I say, sharp as a nail
Witty as can be and not for sale
Always funky fresh, could NEVER be stale

[D.M.C.]
Took a test to become an MC and didn't fail
I couldn't wait to demonstrate
all the super def rhymes that I create
I'm a wizard of a word, that's what you heard
And anything else is quite absurd
I'm the master of a mic, that's what I say
And if I didn't say that, you'd say it anyway

[Run]
Bust into the party, come in the place
See the first things come, the music in your face
Tears down the walls, some of the floor
with the DJ named Jay with the cuts galore

[D.M.C.]
So listen to this because it can't be missed
and you can't leave til you're dismissed
You can do anything that you want to
but you can't leave until we're through
So relax your BODY and your mind
and listen to us say this rhyme - HEY
You might think that you have WAITED
long enough til the rhyme was STATED
But if it were a test it would be GRADED
with a grade that's not DEBATED
Nothing too deep and nothing dense
and all our rhymes make a lot of SENSE

[Run-D.M.C.]
So move your butt, to the cut
Run amuk, you're not in a rut
Each and everybody out there, we got the notion

[D.M.C.]
We want to see y'all all in motion

[Run-D.M.C.]
Just SHAKE, WIGGLE jump up and down
Move your body to the funky sound

[D.M.C.]
Side to side, back and forth

[Run-D.M.C.]
We're the two MC's, and we're gonna go off
Stand in place, walk or RUN
Tap your feet, you'll be on the one

[D.M.C.]
Just snap your fingers and clap your hands

[Run-D.M.C.]
Our DJ's better than all these bands
HUH!!

{*Jam Master Jay cuts then instrumental breaks down*}

[Run]
[Method Man]You and I, 'til the day we die.. (day we die..)

Yo, yo Ex-girlfriend, how you been? I see you still
tryin to fuck with other women men, remember when
I first met you in my cousin's house, a week later
we was fuckin on your momma couch, now it's been said
that big girls they don't cry, but they damn sure lie
Look you in the eye, sayin you they only
You and I, til the day we die, said you'd never
leave me lonely, fly tenderoni but you phony
Shoulda listened when my momma told me, soon as I
turn my back you try to fuck my homies, that was then
this is now I got a new friend, ever since
I cut them loose ends you wanna bone me
Add strife to my life, pussy that'll make me think twice
about leavin the wife even, picture that
You ain't want me when you had me, now you on
your third baby daddy, and you hate to see a nigga happy
So you tryin mad ways to trap me, lookin at my girl nasty
Tryin to throw the pussy at me
"Now look at this bitch over here tryin to act like me"

"Uh-huh, fuck that bitch, she must like leftovers

"[D'Angelo]
I'm still in love with babe (8X)

[Method Man]
Yo yo It's always you and your crusty ass crew, be actin new
Let me find out that you fuckin with Boo, and y'all gon' feel it
Waitin for the day that you front, and catch a lump
from my black butterfly, that don't pack a lullaby
Sleep on her, she said you bitches tried to creep on her
in the mall and didn't know she had the reach on her
Pearl-handled twenty-two, my Boo
She go ahead and walk her dogs, and represent Wu
to the fullest, you and hon can shoot the fair one
I'll bring the bullets, know that I'm sayin? Stop playin
You and them dyke lookin bitches
Actin like y'all jumpin somethin, go 'head with that bullshit
[
D'Angelo]
I'm still in love with babe (8X)

[Method Man]
Got tired of the games, the lies, the feeble alibis
Now you fuckin with the next guy, a Thug Nigga
Derelict be actin bugged nigga, show this nigga
mad love but get no love nigga?? Stupid ass
Plus I heard that he be beatin on you, I seen him
at the club cheatin on you, witcha best friend, got you stressin
And used up, pull your shoes up, all you need's affection
but you're headed in the wrong direction
Tryin to make this nigga jealous, with other fellas
All up in my face actin overzealous
Like you want somethin from Meth, I hope it ain't love girl
Cause I ain't got none left for you, plus you miserable
Misery Love Company, shit I'm livin comfortably, don't need no
nigga huntin me down for fuckin round, with his kitty
Talk to him, before my brother put a spark through him
Won't be pretty, the situation got my whole attitude shitty
And got you actin high saditty with your slut committee
You know I know; so go find another sucker yo, I been there
and been done that befo', and don't need it no mo'
That's, my, word! So go to your own with that there, word up
and tell that bighead nigga you run with that you was insane

[D'Angelo]
I'm still in love with babe (8X)
Big L Rest ln rest in peace.......

(do you wanna mess with this?..... one of the best yet)
(we've got it)...... you could feel the realness .....

Fresh out the gate again tryin to raise the stakes again ....
fatten my plate again ... yall cats know we always play to win
G-A-N-G to the STARR son
haters took this shit too far son ....
so thats all for you im wiping out your whole team
ill splatter your dreams with lyrics that shatter your schemes
the badder you seem the more lies you tell....
the more lies you sell not by surprise you fell
into my death trap right in to my clutches ....stupid
ya know the god must bless every single mic he touches
Ive suffered just so i can return harder
wanna be the shit starter fuck around make you a martyr
ill make you famous ..... turn around and make you nameless
cause youlll never understand just how vital to me this rap game is
save it and hold that you catch a hot one ...
rhymes'll chase a fake nigga down soon as i spot one

FULL CLIP ... do you wanna mess with this
(gang starr ...... one of the best yet) ..... IM nice like that
Do you wanna mess with this .....
Full clip (one of the best yet)

So if you stand in my way .... im a have to spray
learn that if you come against me son youre gonna have to pray
since back in the day i held my weight and kept my head up
they wanna see the guard catch an el its all a set up
i give no man a thing or power over me
why these niggas so jealous and lookin sour over me?
Im bolder g im like impossible to stop......
im like that nigga in the ring with you impossible to drop
im like two magazines fully loaded to your one
plus i aint gonna quit spittin till youre done
plus more than ever i got my whole shit together....
more then a decade of hits that'll live forever
catch a rep off my name youre bound to fry
ya know how many niggas that i know thats down to die?
we never fail ... and we aint never been frail you niggas talk crime
but you scared of jail

FULL CLIP (do you wanna mess with this) ....
Gang Starr .... (one of the best yet)
im nice like that
its all good .....
so i suggest you take a rest

Attack it like a slick apache lyrics are trigger happy
blowin back your wig piece just for the way youre lookin at me
cock back blaaaw i hit you up right now
i dont know why so many of yall wanna be thugs anyhow
face the consequence of your childish nonsense
i can make your head explode just by my lyrical content
get you in my scope and metaphorically snipe ya
i never liked ya
ill gas that ass up then ignite ya
the flame thrower .... make ya peeps afraid to know ya
how many times i told ya play your position small soldier
my heart is colder ... makes me wanna resort to violence
stop beatin me in the head son .... nah im not buyin it
im ready to blast.... im ready to surpass and harass
im ready to flip ... im ready to dip with all the cash ....
i hold my chrome steady .... with a tight grip
so watch your dome already cause this one might hit

Full Clip (do you wanna mess with this) ....
im nice like that
Gang starr .... the best yet....
Big Syke, Noop, Payne, Bogard, Big Serv
Y'all know how this shit go (you know)

All Eyez On Me

Muthafucka, Legit
Roll up in the club and shit

All Eyez On Me
All Eyez On Me

But you know what

I bet you got it twisted
You don't know who to trust
So many playa hating niggas trying to sound like us
Say they ready for the funk, but I don't think they know it
Straight to the depths of hell is were those cowards goin'
Well are you still down nigga, Holla when you see me
And let these devils be sorry, but they finally freed me
I got a caravan of niggas, every time we ride (every time we ride)
Hitting muthafuckas up when we pass by (when we pass by)
Until I die Live the life of a Boss playa, cuz even when I'm high
fuck with me and get crossed later, the futures in my eyez
Cuz all I want is cash and thangs,
A five double 0 Benz and flaunting flashy rings Uhh
bitches pursue me like a dream,
Been know to disappear before your eyez, just like a dope fiend, it seems
My main thang was to be major paid
The game sharper than a mutha-fuckin razor blade
Say money bring bitches, bitches bring lies
One niggas getting jealous, and muthafuckas died
Depend on me like the first and fifteenth
They my homies for a second, but these punks won't get me
We got four niggas, and low riders, and ski masks
Screaming Thug Life every time they pass
All Eyez on Me

Live my life as a Thug nigga
Until the day I die
Live my life as a Boss playa (All eyez on me)
Cuz we be getting high
All Eyez on me
Live my life as a Thug nigga
Until the day I die
Live my life as a Boss playa (All eyez on me)
Cuz we be getting high

Hey, to my nigga Pac

So much trouble in the world, nigga
Can't nobody feel your pain
The world changing everyday
Times moving faaast
My girl said I need to raise up, how long will she last?
I'm caught between my women, and my pistol, and my chips
Triple beam, got some smokers on, whistle as we dip
I'm lost in the land, with no plan, living life flawless
Crime Boss, contraband, let me toss this
Needy hookers got a lot of nerve, let my bucket swerve
I'm taking off on the curb
The nervousness neglect make me pack a tek
Devoted to serving this, Moet and paaayyy checks
Like a kite sailin' nigga I'm forever Ballin'
It ain't right, pair this ice triggas and fleas crawlin'
Sucka duck and get busted, no emotion
My devotion is handling my business nigga keep on coastin'
Where yah goin' I been there came back as lonely homie
Steady flaunting against the grain nigga still don't know me
It's about the money, and the rap shit, this crap shit
It ain't funny niggas don't even know how to act shit
What can I do, what can I say, is there another way ?
Blunts and Gin twenty-four parlay
My little homie G, can't you see, I'm busta free
niggas can't stand me
All Eyez on Me

Live my life as a Thug nigga
Until the day I die
Live my life as a Boss playa (All eyez on me)
Cuz we be getting high
All Eyez on me
Live my life as a Thug nigga
Until the day I die
Live my life as a Boss playa (All eyez on me)
Cuz we be getting high

The feds is watchin', niggas plottin' to get me
Will I survive, will I die, come on lets picture the possibilities
Giving me charges, lawyers making a grip
I told the judge I was raised wrong and thats why I blaze shit
Was hyper as a kid, alone, as a teenager, on the mobile
Calling big shots on the scene major
Packing hundreds in my drawers, fuck the law
bitches I fuck with a passion, livin' rough and raw
Catchin' cases at a fast rate, balllin' in the fast lane
Hustle 'til the morning, never stopped until the cash came
I live my life as a Thug nigga
Until the day I die
Live my life as a Boss playa
Cuz we be getting high
These niggas got me tossin' shit
I put the top down now its time to floss my shit
Keep your head up nigga, make these muthafuckas suffer
Up in the Benz burning rubber
The money is mandatory, the hoes is fully strapped
Cuz the criminal lifestyle equipped with the bulletproof vest
Make sure your eyes is on the Meal ticket
Get your money muthafucka Lets get rich and we'll kick it
All eyez on Me

Live my life as a Thug nigga
Until the day I die
Live my life as a Boss playa (All eyez on me)
Cuz we be getting high
All Eyez on me
Live my life as a Thug nigga
Until the day I die
Live my life as a Boss playa (All eyez on me)
Cuz we be getting high

All eyez on me

Pay attention my niggas
See how that shit go
Gonna walk up in this muthafucka
And its gonna be like bing
Cowards

Live my life as a Thug nigga
Until the day I die
Live my life as a Boss playa (bitches)
Cuz we be getting high

Every mutha fuckin' way
I got a bustas, hoes, and police watching a nigga
You know

Live my life as a Thug nigga
Until the day I die
Live my life as a Boss playa (All eyez on me)
All Eyez on me

Its like, what they think I'm walking around
With some keys in my pocket or something

All Eyez on me

They think I'm going back to jail
They really on that dope

Live my life as a Thug nigga
Until the day I die
Live my life as a Boss playa (I know y'all watching)
(I know y'all got me in the scopes)
Live my life as a Thug nigga
Until the day I die
Live my life as a Boss playa (I know y'all know this is Thug Life Baabbby)
We be getting high
(Y'all got me under surveillance)

All eyez on me

But I'm known
[Chorus: TQ]
All I ever wanted to do was be da man
Get out the ghetto and feed my whole fam
But the dirty streets in the city won't let me go (let me go, let me go)

All I ever wanted to do was be da man
Get out the ghetto and feed my whole fam
But quarter ki's make G's that's all i know (all i know, all i know)

[Trick Daddy]
A hit of crack frock could get ya fucked up
A ki of coke could get you rich
but too much of this shit can get you stuck up
That's why it's best to deal wit a nigga that you know and chill wit
Case he flip the script, you know where he live at
Plus, the game don' came a long way
Yeah we don' lost a lot of niggas that was speedin down the wrong way
See these days these niggas squeeze triggas quicker than yo boys
Cuz they got guns bigger than yours
Plus ain't not more coppin out
You either ridin or tellin, if you ride then you ride forever
Born the son of a straight killa
Raised by a strong woman, I'll ride for my homies
So, can a nigga get a boooonnnd
Or do another nigga have to come along and raise my daughter......son
Your Honor, answer this question and be honest
If you lock me up for the summer will you support my momma?

[Chorus]

[Baby]
Ay ay, move on over (wooooo)
I sit and took over
2 clips, the AK holder
Brick taped to my bitch
Strapped on her shoulder
Raw grams in the trunk of a jag
Hard ounces stashed in my cadillac dash
It's drought season daddy, we huntin for riches
We fly like birds go divin for fishes
A known deep boy, the #1 Stunna
Got a hundred brick stash in the back of the Hummer
But on my block, a old tymer got shot
I didn't wanna do it but he was holdin my spot
I'm shittin on niggas, grandma got grams
She gave me a revolver, automatics get jammed
I'm *Hood Rich* nigga one feet in the sand
I'm one of a few niggas that beat the man

[Chorus]

[Mannie Fresh]
See, check it out, the dope game is a mother fucker, young man
I bet you yo lil ass ain't even got a gun man
You in the game now you know what you don' done man?
"Yeah, bruh but i gotta feed my son man"
A cutlass supreme, still a young nigga's dream
A solid lil bitch with a whole lot of cream
Well lil one looky here, who you scorin from?
Look, this some shit that'll leave a nigga body numb
Take that, the comeback is incredible
Get caught, then nigga it's federal
By the way, don't say no mother fuckin names
You listenin to me? Don't play no mother fuckin games
You know the rules of this shit
Fuck around and be one dead bitch
It's money and the power
Every second every hour
From sco' to the flo'
Bakin soda to the flour

[Chorus] (til fade)
{Puff} Bad Boy baby
{Big} Yeah.. yeah..
Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah..
{Puff} Yeah.. B.I.G. 2000
B.I.G. 2000 Born Again.. c'mon..

{Notorious B.I.G.}
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong

{Notorious B.I.G.}
Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke - gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
The hooker layer - motherfucker say your prayers
Hail Mary full of grace.. smack the bitch in the face;
Take her Gucci bag and the North Face
Off her back, jab her if she act
Funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like, "The Vapors"
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho
Swift fist like Camacho, I got so
Much style I should be down wit the Stylistics
Make up to break up {singing in background} niggaz need to wake up
Smell the indonesia; beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins til amnesia
She don't remember shit! Just the two hits!
Her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits!
Suckin on the tits! Had the hooker beggin for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly love; my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was "Humpin Around" and "Jump-in Around"
Jacked her then I asked her who's the man; she said, "B-I-G"
Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong)

{Notorious B.I.G.}
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"

{Notorious B.I.G.}
When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh
Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G
Disrespect me - my potency is deadly
I'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis
After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick
Because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
But Smalls don't get down like that
Got your father hidin in a room; fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin with?
Anybody step into my path is fuckin feelin it!
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab ya til you're gushy, so please don't push.. me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon, got the little hookers screamin
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
With no hair in between, know what I mean?

{Notorious B.I.G.}
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"

{Puff} Ladies and gentlemen..

{Eminem}
There's several different levels to Devil worshippin: horse's heads,
Human sacrifices, canibalism; candles and exorcism
Animals havin sex with 'em; camels mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kick the habit - I just,
Beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin, meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin, I got a nine in my pocket
And baby I'm just, dyin to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My uz' as, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
Red on the ceilin, red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wet on the third;
Then she's dead on the fourth - I'm dead wrong

{Notorious B.I.G.}
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"
"I don't care what nobody say"

{Notorious B.I.G.}
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it goin on
You're dead wrong

{Puff Daddy}
Uh-huh, and we won't stop, because we can't stop
You need to come inside and check Lo
Relax yourself and let the sugar Lo flow
Coolie High got you wide
You need to come inside and check Lo
Relax yourself and let the sugar Lo flow
Coolie High keeps you wide
You need to come inside and check Lo
Relax yourself and let the sugar Lo flow
Coolie got you wide
You need to come inside and check Lo
Relax yourself and let the sugar Lo flow

[Verse One:]

Its rainin alizay
Im floatin through the Holland tunnel swervin
Im diggin on the Sheeba
Pullin Sheeba she be splergin
We lurkin with the coon
Cuz we be murkin from the boogie
And shittin on the crowds
Cuz they jive fakin woody

Yeah..
Tre shots of life for all night you dig it
Camp-ah hotta pinata
Too big quiver get hipper
Spillin coffee inside my automo' Aldo
Crackin satin and leather
What's happenin bullet convincer
Cash straight outta comic..
Books catchin the flurry
Keep your eye on the Lo
Where Mr....

Cuz we comin wit hammers and drivers
With the buddahs and rugars
And shot cruisers and rovers
Diamond crooks.. takin it over
With razors and cutters
With the sugar and butters
Pimp the seasons in leathers
We live for Coolie High treasures
And..

Check the queen bee Lady Ree diggin Grace
Check the place 3 o clock shat no we aint
Fred and Cot bring it in the paint no such thing
Blasts of dynamite sing my superfly to the..
Cleopatra in the casino with gold sugar
Dig my harlequinn
And drench you with my diner garments

From Beva to Bevro in the Montaro slidin to Dero
With bottles of Asti Spumanti to tranquilize my heaven
Count seven we gettin explicit shootin sugar to the shorties
Luchini to spare let me see you
Its losin the air
Word life

[Chorus:]

You need to come inside and check Lo
Relax yourself and let the sugar Lo flow
Coolie High got you wide
[repeat 3X]

You need to come inside and check Lo
Relax yourself and let the sugar Lo flow

[Verse Two:]

Lo keeps the party live
The 80 proof is leakin got me screachin
Jersey Drive
We screamin cuz we ?? caliber is bring it
Im layin in the purple rain until I see some action
We movin motionless.. continuos and thats happenin

We got the bubbly pourin through me and Cleopatra's casino
See back in Coolie High Jack and Jitterbugs and ??
Dolemite's outta site Anti-hatahs cats in the city
On the money takin the tri-state under sore savant
Billy Holidayin' the Foxy Browns with my Harlequinns
Penny he repellin reflected crystals is Hollywood

Dont pull the stars
Cuz we lickin Cuban cigars.. and sippin Moe
Playin the jigga cotton
The figgas on the Lo and Lo
Blessin the dimes
Keepin my Camp is on the higher flow
Livin the crimes hittin them slide
For the c-note

Yo..
President city
Pourin right on the JJs and Sautee
Cab Callowayin the last of the finest Shot Sirus
Christ is comin lower
with Jiggas less to zero that
Sex the Lo
Dice the Lo
Ill tell you what
On the night vision decision underneath the silver moon
Boy from company C A day sugar love

Chief be for stonin
Robbin chero be for midnight
The safety's off the toaster
And my shadow's by the moonlight
Cuz Data's on the levels and the Lo is on the EQ
My stamina is sugar
And its love love forever yall

[Chorus]

[Outro:]
Verse One: Phife Dawg

Went to Carvel to get a milk shake
This honey ripped me off for all my loot cakes
The car oh yeah there's money in my jacket
Somebody broke into my ride and cold macked it
Yo tip I tell you man the devil's tryin it
But I'm goin to stay strong cause I ain't buyin it
Tonight I'm taking Sherry out, I don't have jack to wear
You know I gots to look dipped in the fresh new gear
Cool I found something so I ironed it
I then got caught up on the phone, oh shit I'm fryin it
Will someone tell me what did I do to deserve this?
I think I'll, pull out my suit for Sunday service
My little brother wants Barney, cool I'm gettin it
Took him down to Kay-Bee, they ain't sellin it
Here we go with the cryin, yo he's throwin fits
My blood pressure's blowin up, I can't take the shit
Finally got what he wanted now he's good to go
Again the ride was smashed, where's my radio?
One time the car was in the shop I had to borrow see...
They had no mercy on the car they almost killed me
Where the hell can Nicki be? I'm gonna smack her up
I got the tickets for the Knicks and she cold stood me up
I need to hit a honey off, Jarobi pass the phone
Pulled out my book of hoes, oh yo Sheila's home
Steady smilin like a mother yo I'm read' to bone
Went down to hon, she's in the red zone
Stressed out more than anyone could ever be
Forever tryin to clear the samples for my new LP
Everybody knows I go to Georgia often
Got on the flight and I ended up in Boston
With all these trials and tribulations yo I've been affected
And to top it off, Starks got ejected

Refrain: Phife Dawg

Problems, problems, problems, woe is me I'm havin
problems, problems, problems..

Verse Two: Phife Dawg

Just last week my girl was stressin me
Now her best friend be underssin me
Well I was lovin her by the moon ray
Now I'm tricking on her like Kinte' (c'mon)
Bought a bag of izm from the smoke shop
Walkin towards the car, here come the damn cops
Now I'm station bound for the thai sticks
I bought it for my man, I don't believe this shit
Coach sat me down from the ball team
Cause I was breakin niggaz on the inseams
Some niggaz cross town was tryin to stick me
All I had was shorts, a dollar fifty
Picked up this girl in the hooptie
Just because I rhyme she tried to soup me
Pay for this, pay for that, loot for nails and hair
Who the hell you think I am, Mr. Belvedere?
Go and get a bloody job, then can we look cute
Even if you give me boots, you'll neva see my loot
She wasn't even all of that just another hooker
So I turned that ass away, quick like Chucky Booker
Sometimes you got put the hoes in their friggin place
Just move from in front me with your botty face!

Refrain: Phife Dawg

Problems, problems, problems, Lord knows I'm havin
problems, problems, problems, Jesus Christ I'm havin
problems, problems, problems, pray for me I'm havin
problems, problems, problems..

Yeah
Yeah..
Just lay down your burdens by the riverside
Hah, and you'll be alright, knowhatI'msayin?
Love and peace from Phife for '93, knahmsayin?
Tribe Called Quest, Shaheed and Tip
This is how we flip

My man Muhammad in the house, huh [come on, come on]
Zulu Nation in the house, huh [come on, come on]
SubRoc is in the house, huh [come on, come on]
My man Skeff is in the house, huh [come on, come on]
Jarobi White is in the house, huh [come on, come on]
Bob Power in the house, huh [come on, come on]
My man Eric in the house, huh [come on, come on]
My man Nitro in the house, huh [come on, come on]

Refrain: Q-Tip

Help me out y'all, help me out now
Help me out y'all, help me out now
Help me out God, I really need ya
Help me out now, I really need ya
Help me out y'all, help me out now
I'm havin problems, help me out now
Really need ya, to help me out now
Help me out y'all, help me out now
Help me out y'all, help me out now
Help me out y'all, help me out now
Help me out God, I really need ya
Havin problems, help me out now..

[help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me
help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me.....
.....MUHAMMAD!!]
[G-Wise * vocoder box effect]
Yeahhh, yeh yeh - G. Rap that's gangsta (my life nigga)

[Chorus: G-Wise * vocoder]
All of my life, I live
I'll be thuggin with youuuuuuu
Thug it out baby, thug it out baby
Don't stop 'til I die for this
I'll be keepin it trueeeeeee
Yeah yeah yeah yeah

[Kool G. Rap]
Yo, yo
Giancanna the name break it down simple and plain
Went from a small chimp in the game to gorilla king pimpin the game
Know how to tempt dames to tense in the Range
Hit the block to pitch rocks, the strength of the name
Limp with a cane, lactosin limp for the king
We even pack toast expend from the flames, my aim
Strictly about makin that bread pop (y'know) blocks red hot
from feds and cops, lookin for rock bottles with red tops
Tradin lead shots with dreadlocks
Infrared dots 'til their head drop, we fled spots
Word on the curb is when it came to birds we spread flocks (no doubt)
No tellin when the bloodshed stop, glide 'til the sled stop
Copped the latest every hot flavor in them crocs and gators
Somebody clique riff, pop the bravest
Out of town trips in whips I got from Avis, drop knots in Vegas
My plot for paper was crockpots of wafers

[Chorus]

[Kool G. Rap]
Nigga into warm mansion rooms, wall to wall with handsome goons
Half-naked bitches dancin to tunes (uh-huh)
Marble floor to the terrace nigga, glance at the moon
Play the jacuzzi 'til your hands get blue
Rugs tight, bright as the white sands of Cancun [yeahhhh]
Skylights up in the ceilings for the plants to bloom
Nigga we crop grams in dunes, Cuban cigar brand of grandest fumes
Prison niggaz that ran balloons
Shut down shop from Jan. to June, and still cop land in the boons
Fuck women in tanning rooms
Every last fingernail on their hand groomed, self built do
Down to the mink pelts, gator belts and silk suit
If I can't stack a nigga cap get peeled loose
Word to them cats that died on the street, it's spilled juice
So where that Don be? (right here) In the calm breeze in the palm trees
Bomb G under the armpiece
Livin in harmony, coke farm pharmacy
Bulletproof armory, school of the hard knock honory
Washin the jackpot like laundry
Fuckin Don of the year nominee, honestly

[Chorus] - repeat 2X

[G-Wise * vocoder box in background to fade]

[Kool G. Rap]
G. Rap nigga..
What, thug shit, Queens clicks
What.. uh-huh
Yeah, thug shit, Queens clicks
Thug shit, Queens clicks
Uhh.. yeah
[Lloyd Banks]
Man we gotta go get something to eat man yeah
I'm hungry as a motherf**ker

[50 Cent]
Ay yo man, damn what's taking homie so long son?

[Lloyd Banks]
50, calm down, here he come

[9 Shots]

[Banks and 50]
Ahh, ohh, what the f**k!?

[50 Cent]
Ahh! son, pull off! pull off!

[50 Cent]
Many men, wish death upon me
Blood in my eye dawg and I can't see
I'm trying to be what I'm destined to be
And niggas trying to take my life away
I put a hole in a nigga for f**king with me
My back on the wall, now you gon' see
Better watch how you talk, when you talk about me
'Cause I'll come and take your life away

Many men, many, many, many, many men
Wish death upon me
Lord I don't cry no more
Don't look to the sky no more
Have mercy on me

Now these pussy niggas putting money on my head
Go on and get your refund motherf**ker, I ain't dead
I'm the diamond in the dirt, that ain't been found
I'm the underground king and I ain't been crowned
When I rhyme, something special happen every time
I'm the greatest, something like Ali in his prime
I walk the block with the bundles
I've been knocked on the humble
Swing the ox when I rumble
Show your ass what my gun do
Got a temper nigga, go'head, lose your head
Turn your back on me, get clapped and lose your legs
I walk around gun on my waist, chip on my shoulder
Till I bust a clip in your face, pussy, this beef ain't over

Many men, many, many, many, many men
Wish death upon me
Lord I don't cry no more
Don't look to the sky no more
Have mercy on me


Have mercy on my soul
Somewhere my heart turned cold
Have mercy on many men
Many, many, many, many men
Wish death upon me

Sunny days wouldn't be special, if it wasn't for rain
Joy wouldn't feel so good, if it wasn't for pain
Death gotta be easy, 'cause life is hard
It'll leave you physically, mentally, and emotionally scarred
This if for my niggas on the block, twisting trees and cigars
For the niggas on lock, doing life behind bars
I don't see only god can judge me, 'cause I see things clear
Quick these crackers will give my black ass a hundred years
I'm like Paulie in Goodfellas, you can call me the Don
Like Malcolm by any means, with my gun in my palm
Slim switched sides on me, let niggas ride on me
I thought we was cool, why you want me to die homie? (homie)

Many men, many, many, many, many men
Wish death upon me
Lord I don't cry no more
Don't look to the sky no more
Have mercy on me
Have mercy on my soul
Somewhere my heart turned cold
Have mercy on many men
Many, many, many, many men
Wish death upon me

Every night I talk to god, but he don't say nothing back
I know he protecting me, but I still stay with my gat
In my nightmares, niggas keep pulling techs on me
Psych says some bitch dumb, put a hex on me
The feds didn't know much, when Pac got shot
I got a kite from the pens that told me, Tuck got knocked
I ain't gonna spell it out for you motherf**kers all the time
Are you illiterate nigga? You can't read between the lines
In the bible it says, what goes around, comes around
Homie shot me, three weeks later he got shot down
Now it's clear that I'm here, for a real reason
'Cause he got hit like I got hit, but he ain't f**king breathin'

Many men, many, many, many, many men
Wish death upon me
Lord I don't cry no more
Don't look to the sky no more
Have mercy on me
Have mercy on my soul
Somewhere my heart turned cold
Have mercy on many men
Many, many, many, many men
Wish death upon me
{Dr. Dre} {First Verse}
Y'all know me, still the same ole G, but I been low key
Hated on by most these niggas with no cheese, no deals and no G's
No wheels and no keys, no boats, no snowmobiles, and no skis
Mad at me cause I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
Got a crib with a studio and it's all fulla tracks to add to the walls fulla plaques
Hanging up in the office and back of my house like trophies
Did y'all think I'ma let my doe freeze, hoe please, you betta bow down on both knees
Who you think taught you to smoke trees? Who you think brought you the Oldies?
Eazy-E's, Ice Cubes and D.O.C's,
The Snoop D-O double G's and the group that said mother fuck the police
Gave you a tape full dope beats to bump when you stroll through in ya hood
And when you albums sales wasn't doin' too good who's the Doctor they told you to go see?
Y'all better listen up closely, all you niggas that said that I'd turned pop
On the firm flop, y'all are the reason Dre ain't been gettin' no sleep
So fuck y'all, all of y'all
If y'all don't like me... Blow me
Y'all gone keep fuckin' around with me and turn me back to the old me

{Eminem} {Chorus} (2x)
Nowadays everybody wanna talk
Like they got somethin to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips,
Jus a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act, like they Forgot About Dre

{Second Verse}
So what do you say to some body you hate? (What)
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way?
Wanna resolve thing's in a bloodier way? (Yup)
Just study a tape of NWA
One day I was walkin by, with a walkman on, when I caught a guy
Givin me an awkward eye so I strangled him off at the parkin lot with his Karl Kani
I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not I'm harder than me tryna park a dodge
When I'm drunk as fuck right next to a humongous truck in a two car garage
Hoppin out with 2 broken legs tryna walk it off, fuck you too bitch, call the cops
I'ma kill you and them loud ass motherfuckin barkin dogs
And when the cops came through me and Dre stood next to a burnt down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches and still weren't found out (Right here)
So from here goin out it's the Chronic Two, startin today and tomorrows the new
And I'm still loco enough to choke you to death wit a Charleston chew
chikka-chikka-chikka Slim Shady, hotter than a set of twin babies
In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up when the temp goes up to the mid 80's
Callin men ladies
Sorry doc but I been crazy
There's no way that you can save me
It's OK go with him Hailey (Da Da?)

{Chorus}(2x)

{Dr Dre} {Third Verse}
If it was up to me you motherfuckers would stop comin' up to me with ya hands out
Lookin' up to me, like you want somethin' free
When my last CD was out you wasn't bumpin' me
But now that I gots a lil company everybody wanna come to me like it was some disease
But you won't get a crumb from me cause I'm from the streets of Compton!
I told 'em all, all them lil gangsters who you think help mold 'em all?
Now you wanna run around talk about guns like I ain't got none
What you think I sold 'em all?
Cause I stay well off?
Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin Dre fell off?
What Cause I been in the lab with a pen n a pad tryna get this damn label off?
I ain't havin that
This is the millennium of Aftermath and ain't gonna be nothin after that
So gimmie one more platinum plaque and fuck rap, you can have it back
So wheres all the mad rappers at? It's like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats know that I was strapped with gats when you were cuddlin' a cabbage patch

{Eminem} {Chorus} x3
One, and here comes the two to the three and four
Then I drop the beat I have in store
Lay dynamics on the top like a rug
Make it sound smooth and later make a dub
An MC ate well, so that you can tell
I am not illiterate, no not even a little bit
Nothing like an idiot, get it?
You want the record, cool, I'm with it
Let the rhythm take you, shake it cause it makes you
As I turn the knob of the door you escape through
Go in like a knot, don't be a puff
And I let it play cause Dre's getting funky enough

It's getting funky, it's getting funky (Repeat 3x)
Watch the smooth lyrics that take place

If you want another reason why it must be funky
Yo I am not a jackass meaning not a donkey
So I will play the game like it should be played
Drop the funk into the mix so the place will never fade
Ship it the the stations in your jurisdiction
Others say I'm dope, and the others say I'm bitching
No crowd can avoid the D-O to the C
When I'm P-E-R-F-O-R-M-I-N-G
On the stage, see the simple fact is I engulf
And known, I rock a funky beat without a cord so
It is my conclusion you will enjoy the fusion
And I will ascend with the style I am using
Knowing that it's tough and it's not a bluff
I think I'll let it play cause Dre's hitting funky enough

It's getting funky, it's getting funky (Repeat 3x)
Dre make the funky hip-hop music so check it

Listen to the kick drop in with the click
And with no rehearses I'm dropping funky verses
Stupid with the bit that you think you are relying on
You love it when it rattles is the fact that I'm buying on
Suckers never come close cause of knowing
There is no stopping the D.O.C. when I'm flowing
But in the event that someone will try and juice this
Stop him in his tracks, show him that I am Ruthless
I don't give a damn, don't think that I am joking
Cause I don't think he is funny when you're messing with my money
Yo people tell me this: &amp;amp;quot;Yo Dre you must stop him&amp;amp;quot;
But with no frills, so I just drop him
Continue with the rhyme and make sure I get mine
With no static cause that's all I need to get my nine, but
Lessons have been learned now all kidding have been fronting
Let it play when the people say &amp;amp;quot;Dre yo you're getting funky enough&amp;amp;quot;

It's getting funky, it's getting funky (Repeat 3x)
Deal with the D-O to the C

I'm your break so I can check around
See who the hell who is sitting down
I want all chairs off the floor
And if he stands to the wall, show him the door
And the PK nothing giving you something to rock to
To go nonstop to, not have to look at the clock you
Percieve, but can't believe you're being taken
By a beat so cool you start shaking
And shivering, cause I'm delivering the answer
Haven't seen you're a hellified dancer
You tried sitting but it just won't work
Cause the beat is to fresh
Don't even tell it won't be funky enough

It's getting funky, it's getting funky (Repeat 3x)
And with the help of the Dr. Dre, kick it

It's getting funky on the mix now, right (Repeat 4x)
Put it in the needle, and drop it on the one, boy
Clap your hands, everybody,
If you got what it takes,
'Cause I'm Kurtis Blow and I want you to know
That these are the breaks,

Brakes on a bus, brakes on a car,
Breaks to make you a superstar,
Breaks to win and breaks to lose,
But these here breaks will rock your shoes,
And these are the breaks,
Break it up, break it up, break it up!

If your woman steps out with another man,
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
And she runs off with him to Japan,
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
And the IRS says they want to chat,
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
And you can't explain why you claimed your cat,
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
And Ma Bell sends you a whopping bill
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
With eighteen phone calls to Brazil,
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
And you borrowed money from the mob,
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
And yesterday you lost your job,
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
Well, these are the breaks,
Break it up, break it up, break it up!

Throw your hands up in the sky,
And wave 'em 'round from side to side,
And if you deserve a break tonight,
Somebody say all right!
(All right)
Say ho!
(Ho!)
You don't stop,
Keep on, somebody scream!
(Owwwww!)
Break down!

Breaks on a stage, breaks on a screen,
Breaks to make your wallet lean,
Breaks run cold and breaks run hot,
Some folks got 'em and some have not,
But these are the breaks,
Break it up, break it up, break it up,
Break down!

To the girl in brown, stop messing around,
(Break it up, break it up)
To the guy in blue, whatcha gonna do?
(Break it up, break it up)
To the girl in green, don't be so mean,
(Break it up, break it up)
And the guy in red, say what I said,
(Break it up, break it up)
Break down!

Brakes on a plane, brakes on a train,
Breaks to make you go insane,
Breaks in love, breaks in war,
But we got the breaks to get you on the floor,
And these are the breaks,
Break it up, break it up, break it up,
Break down! Yo!

Just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it!
Just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it!
Just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it!
Just do it, just do it, just do it, do it, do it!

You say last week you met the perfect guy,
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
And he promised you the stars in the sky,
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
He said his Cadillac was gold,
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
But he didn't say it was ten years old,
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
He took you out to the Red Coach grill,
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
But he forgot the cash and you paid the bill,
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
And he told you the story of his life,
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
But he forgot the part about--his wife! Huh! Huh!
(That's the breaks, that's the breaks)
Well, these are the breaks!
Break it up, break it up, break it up,
Break down! Ya!
[DMX]
Uhh.. UH! .. WHOO!

Chorus: DMX

Y'all gon' make me lose my mind
up in HERE, up in here
Y'all gon' make me go all out
up in here, up in here
Y'all gon' make me act a FOOL
up in HERE, up in here
Y'all gon' make me lose my cool
up in here, up in here

[DMX]
If I gotsta bring it to you cowards then it's gonna be quick, aight
All your mens up in the jail before, suck my dick
and all them other cats you run with, get done with, dumb quick
How the fuck you gonna cross the dog with some bum shit? Aight
There go the gun click, nine one one shit
All over some dumb shit, ain't that some shit
Y'all niggaz remind me of a strip club, cause everytime
you come around, it's like (what) I just gotta get my dick sucked
And I don't know who the fuck you think you talkin to
but I'm not him, aight slim? So watch what you do
Or you gon' find yourself, buried next to someone else
and we all thought you loved yourself
But that couldn't have been the issue, or maybe
they just sayin that, now cause they miss you
Shit a nigga tried to diss you
That's why you layin on your back, lookin at the roof of the church
Preacher tellin the truth and it hurts

Chorus

[DMX]
Off the chain I leave niggaz soft in the brain
cause niggaz still want the fame, off the name
First of all, you ain't rapped long enough
to be fuckin with me and you, you ain't strong enough
So whatever it is you puffin on that got you think that you Superman
I got the Kryptonite, should I smack him with my dick and the mic?
Y'all niggaz is characters, not even good actors
What's gon' be the outcome? Hmm, let's add up all the factors
You wack, you're twisted, your girl's a hoe
You're broke, the kid ain't yours, and e'rybody know
Your old man say you stupid, you be like, &amp;quot;So?
I love my baby mother, I never let her go&amp;quot;
I'm tired of weak ass niggaz whinin over puss
that don't belong to them, fuck is wrong with them?
They fuck it up for real niggaz like my mans and them
who get it on on the strength of the hands with them, MAN

Chorus

[DMX]
I bring down rains so heavy it curse the head
No more talkin - put him in the dirt instead
You keep walin - lest you tryin to end up red
Cause if I end up fed, y'all end up dead
Cause youse a soft type nigga
Fake up North type nigga
Puss like a soft white nigga
Dog is a dog, blood's thicker than water
We done been through the mud and we quicker to slaughter
The bigger the order, the more guns we brought out
We run up in there, e'rybody come out, don't nobody run out
Sun in to sun out, I'ma keep the gun out
Nigga runnin his mouth? I'ma blow his lung out
Listen, yo' ass is about to be missin
You know who gon' find you? (Who?) Some old man fishin
Grandma wishin your soul's at rest
but it's hard to digest with the size of the hole in your chest

Chorus

[DMX]
Hold up! ERRRRRRRR!
One.. two.. meet me outside
meet me outside, meet me outside
All my Ruff Ry-DERS gon' meet me outside
meet me outside, meet me outside
All my big ball-ERS gon' meet me outside
meet me outside, meet me outside
All my fly lad-IES gon' meet me outside
meet me outside, meet me outside
All my street street peoples meet me outside
meet me outside, outside motherfucker

X is got y'all bouncin again
Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again
Dark Man X got ya bouncin again
Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again
Swizz Beatz got y'all bouncin again
Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again (Swizz Beatz)
Ruff Ryders got y'all bouncin again (DMX)
Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again
Dark Man keep you bouncin again
Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again
Dark Man keep you bouncin again
Bouncin again, bounce-bouncin again
All my streets they bouncin again
Bouncin again, we're bouncin again
Swizz Swizz Beatz we bouncin again
Bouncin again and we bouncin again
Double R keep it comin, ain't nuttin y'all
Ain't nuttin y'all can do, now.. {*BOOM*}
Yeah
Haha
[Spanish:] Se ha cabado la mierda [English: "The Bullshit has finished."]
Bout to drop a def' cut
Yo, yo, yo, huh

Immortal Technique, disintegrates mic's when I spit
I cause more casualties than sunken slave ships
Full to capacity, I bring tragedy to rap without my man Kadafi
The government took Nazi scientists from Germany
To design nuclear rockets and ways of observin' me
'Cause their pathetic attempts, didn't work to murder me
When this country was conceived, these bastards never heard of me
But now I hold the souls of slave masters eternally
Bleeding internally, burnin' D, durin' surgery, verbally
'Cause I'm a spiritual witch
Devils are incompatible
I've been around since the planet was inhabitable
I spit in the ocean and created microscopic animals
Which involved into two species, the righteous and the cannibals
But until then, I had alien women suck me off
When God said "Let there be light", I turned it the fuck off
And that's the reason that the earth is only 5 billion years old
I made the sun shine, and permitted time to unfold
The surface was lava, but when I stepped down, it became cold
Fuck what you've been told
My spiritual form became a swarm of molecule sickness
Manifested liquid trapped inside a mountainous region
Until the skies starting raining, continuous seasons
Immortal Technique, at long last, reincarnated
Undebatable reinstated to leave you decapitated
Je suis fous, but my crazy words make sense ["Je suis fous" means "I am mad" in French]
I'll split every pound of your body into six pence
I'm sick of simple similes about The Sixth Sense
I'll leave your body drenched in the blood of all your ancestors
You'll never be at peace, like the souls of child molestors
I'll cut you and bless your festering wounds with alcohol
Drown you in a clogged toilet, in a public bathroom stall
I'll rip you down, take a chunk of you home like the Berlin Wall
This is the final call, for all the rappers that wanna brawl
Immortal Technique, the wrong motherfucker to diss
'Cause I allow God to let you motherfuckers exist

Hahahahaha yeah, real oh
We about to crash somethin' now, yo
Yo, yo, yo
I'm the stronghold on your neck that doesn't let you breathe
Stronger than the fake image of God in which you believe
More dangerous than your ignorant ass could ever perceive
A European virus, mutated in Africa, overseas
Transported by mosquitoes and fleas to where you live
So lock yourself in your house with your wife and your kids
You're such a bitch, somebody probably made you out of a rib
My arrest record just scratches the surface of what I did
My bid locked me up and brought my life to an end
I was forgotten, abandoned by my bitches and friends
You don't want beef with people like me so don't pretend
I'll resurrect your aborted baby and kill it again
You get no props in hip-hop like feminine men
I'm iller than any plague God gave Moses to send
You wanna make amends, 'cause I'm the reason that the earth shakes
Burying your fam like Central American earthquakes

Immortal Technique
Harlem to Canada
Lyrically damage ya
[Spanish:] Te dije que se ha cabado la mierda [English: "I told you the bullshit would end."]
[Diamond D]
Now its the mad magician with the ill deposition
No repetition holdin down Bronx tradition
My composition simply squash the competition
Step up and get beat into submission
Cause this musician with the street intuition
7-35 fuel-injected transmission
My opposition will have to recognize my steez
Exotic trees leave a trail of scuffed up knees
So please you couldn't touch this cat with a stick
Quick to inflict tricks blaze up in the flick
Son I'm sick and you could put that on my mama
Exclamation point, quotation, comma
Lay up on the beaches when I'm down in the Bahamas
The skills go back to the days of wonderama
So pass the scama, son its time to get this money
So we can relax and recline where it's sunny

[Big L]
I went from standin on the corner sellin cocaine
To rippin shows live on stage the hoes yellin my name
To be precise rippin mics is the light of my life
You frontin like you trife but never pulled a heist in your life
The price of my ice is sky high, I'm a fly guy
That's every thugs dream I really love cream, it's in my bloodstream
You mad cause I got more chicks than you, more bricks than you
More nines and extra clips than you
Where I live it ain't a nice town
You can't walk around with ice down
Some clown probably gettin stuck right now
Peace to D-I-T-C, Show and AG, Fat J-O-E
Diamond D, Lord Finesse, and me
I'm from the East Coast, this is how we roll in New York
A bunch of rowdy niggaz holdin the fort
Jackin creeps, packin heat, these Harlem streets is for keeps
Much love to all my peeps who got covered in sheets

[Chorus]
Yo, most these rap cats don't know where it started, where it came from
We been reppin this shit since Day One
Diggin In The Crates originators; why niggaz player hate us?
Knowin damn well you can't fade us

[A.G. - Andre the Giant]
You better take me out quick
Cause I'm accurate when I bust mine
And make it count like Jordan at crunch time
Just in case I play Fishburne and double up on nines
You can never make it rain or stop my sunshine
So I keep eyes on these chumps the whole time
Take note of your technique like we scheme on dimes
Disregard your crew, fuck your heart
Put a slug in me, it'll be marriage
'Til death do us part
Until then master this art and kill them
With the pen thats dramatic, automatics I commit sins
Hold my head, but when I've had it I test chins
If that ain't real then feel the stainless steel
Bang'em and hang'em like they did our relatives
Thought he was the best on the mic that ever lived, negative
Wu-diggity if you with me then say word
Lets get twisted like bottlecaps [and] create like Spielberg

[Lord Finesse]
Check the referral, man my whole squad's thorough
We worldwide niggaz is nice in one burrough
We all gleam, plus we feind for more cream
You got some nice players they just on the wrong team
Nahmean...as the world turns
Avoid concern we'll set you straight like a perm
Rap apostle lyrical type picasso kinda hostile
Nothing less than colossal, you dig me like fossils
Be the cat with the groovy soul
Lotta rappers out here acting with no movie roles
You know the deal I represent skills
And niggaz with bank grills that live to make a mill'
On the real thats my motto
To hard to follow
When dinasour perform goin out like bravado
Hard to hit like lotto underworld role model
D.I.T.C. we be them cats to tomorrow

[Chorus]

[O.C.]
Holdin it down for D.I.T.C niggaz stink like feces
Comin against raw dogs ya lost
The way I simulate rhyme and rhythimatic timin
On beat off beat drunk flow here we go
Assignments handed out each individual stand out
Carryin his own clout
Phenomenal motions of rap I pose a threat
Foes I put em on a block like a hole in a pin
Lyrical genocide on the witty side
Niggaz give me respect due like the pope in a synagogue
Who waitin my odds O.C. far from a fraud
You waste my time nigga so I bagged your broad
Blow your mind ditto with no conscience
I decide the law motherfucker I'm Congress
This concludes my repetoire what I be on
MC's make way for mines or get peed on
Fuck that (fuck that.. fuck that)
[Slug]
If I was a rich man
I'd buy you some shoes
Tall boots for all the dirt you walk through
What would that do?
Enable you to deal
Without schooling you on how to touch what's real
And if I was a smart man
I'd tell you everything that I knew
And give it to you every time you need a talking to
But what would that do?
Teach you my guidelines
So you can be a cheerleader at your game on the sidelines
And if I was a driver
I'd keep my headlights on
To see the difference between right and wrong
I'd wear my seatbelt even when I'm in park
Cause I don't trust the other fools that cruise through these parts
And if I was a better cook
I'd hook up a feast
Set a table full of food for the children to eat
I encourage the nourishment so we can breathe
With the knowledge that we got something accomplished

Chorus:
And if I was Santa Claus, I'd fight for the cause
Wouldn't expect nothing in return
I'd give you everything you want, I'd be everything you need
So you can take my hand and I can take the lead

And if I was an honest man
I would stop writing songs
I'd break for a nervous breakdown for breakfast
Tell everyone I knew to stay away from making music
It ain't nothing but a confusing mess (confusing mess)
And if I was you, I wouldn't hear a word I said
Wouldn't trust nothing to start it up inside my head
I'd make a conscious effort to live instead
Of trying to kill the monsters that reside underneath the bed
And if I was a hurt man
I'd find a way to put my faith
Into a woman that could take me from today
Maybe
I need somebody that could save me
From the parts of myself that keep making me crazy
And if I was a wise man
I'd climb to the top of the mountain peak
To think about strength versus weakness
I'd find a point that rests a couple of feet above your head
And figure out how I could try to help you reach it
(Ho ho ho)
And if I did have a choice
I'd never want to live forever
Just let me have a voice so I can make my points
I can't imagine running a race with no finish line
Just let me keep my pace and make to most of my time
I love giving but I'm bad at receiving
The truth is, I'd prefer to be the one bleeding
But I'm a paranoid that stays between play and work
Cautious and aware, 'cause I'm afraid of being hurt
Which brings me to the issue
And that would be this:
How often must I ask myself why I exist?
I feel like a freak, this world is a circus
Just trying to find myself as well as my purpose

Chorus:
And if I was Santa Claus, I'd fight for the cause
Wouldn't expect nothing in return
I'd give you everything you want, I'd be everything you need
And you can take my hand and I can take the lead (2x)

I got nothing but gifts
Keep it up in my wits
Got me drunk on the fifth
And now we're stuck in a ditch
And as dumb as it gets
I'mma run you some fibs (?)
I wanna touch your lips
I wanna rub your hips
Put a glove on the fist
For the love that exists
We'll keep bumping the hits
To get my bucket of chips
From the Bloods and the Crips
To the skateboarding chicks
Put the Atmosphere on your Christmas wishlist (2x)
(Ho ho ho ho)
I had a dream I can buy my way to heaven
When I awoke, I spent that on a necklace.
I told God I'd be back in a second,
Man It's so hard not to act reckless.
To whom much is given much is tested.
Get arrested, guess until, they get the message.
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny,
and what I do? act more stupidly.
bought more jewelry, more louis v, my mama couldn't get through to me.
The drama, people suing me,
I'm on T.V. talking like it's just you and me.
I'm just saying how I feel man,
I ain't one of the Cosbys I aint go to Hill man
I guess the money should've changed him,
I guess I should've forgot where I came From.

[Chorus:]
La, la, la, la wait till I get my money right
la, la, la, la then you cant tell me nothing right
Excuse Me, is you saying something?
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing
You can't tell me nothing
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing

Let up the suicide doors.
This is my life homey, you decide yours.
I know that Jesus died for us,
But I couldn't tell you who decide wars.
So I parallel double parked that muthafucker sideways
Old folks talking bout back in my day
But homey this is my day.
Class started 2 hours ago, oh am I late?
You know I already graduated
And you can live through anything if Magic made it.

They say I talk with so much emphasis,
They're so sensative.
Don't ever fix your lips like collagen
Say something were you gone end up apologing.
Let me know if it's a problem man,
Alright man, holla then.

Chorus:
La, la, la, la wait till I get my money right
la, la, la, la then you can't tell me nothing right
Excuse Me, is you saying something?
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing
You can't tell me nothing
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing

Let the champagne splash, let that man get cash,
Let that man get past.
You don't need a stop to get gas,
If he can move through the rumors, he can drive off the fumes cuzz
How he move in a room full of no's?
How he stay faithful in a room full of hoes?
Must be the pharaohs, he in tune with his soul,
So when he buried in a tomb full of gold.
Treasure. What's you pleasure?
Life is a, uh, depending how you dress her.
So if the devil wear Prada,
Adam Eve wear Nada,
I'm in between, but way more fresher.
With way less effort, 'cause when you try hard,
That's when you die hard.
Ya homies looking like "Why God?"
When they reminisce over you, my god.

Chorus:
La, la, la, la wait till I get my money right
la, la, la, la then you cant tell me nothing right
Excuse Me, is you saying something?
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing
You can't tell me nothing
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing.
Operatin under the crooked American system too long
OutKast, pronounced out cast
Adjective meaning homeless, or unaccepted in society
But let's look deeper than that
Are you an OutKast?
If you understand and feel the basic principles and
fundamental truths contained within this muzik, you probably are
If you think it's all about pimpin hoes and slammin cadillac do's
You probably a cracker, or a nigga that think he a cracker
Or maybe just don't understand
An OutKast is someone who is not considered to be part of the normal world
He is looked at differently
He is not accepted because of his clothes, his hair
His occupation, his beliefs or his skin color
Now look at yourself, are you an OutKast? I know I am
As a matter of fact, fuck being anything else
It's only so much time left in this crazy world
Wake up niggaz and realize what's goin on around you
Poisonin of the food and water
Tamperin of ciggarettes
Disease engineering control over your life
Take back your existance or die like a punk
This is Big Rube, sayin right on to the real, and death to the fakers
Peace out
{DJ Premier cuts the phrase &amp;amp;quot;Step up...&amp;amp;quot; over and over}

[Guru]
Once you step in the arena, cheater; you're gonna be a-
mazed when you gaze at the armor on this leader
Fully clad and glad to find a cause, I won't pause
Fear is a joke, slowpoke, I'm like claws
that'll rip 'cause your gift, is merely flesh
Superficial and I wish you, would give it a rest
But if you don't, I'll unsheath my Excalibur
Like a noble knight, so meet ya challenger
A true hero, while you're a through zero
Gettin beat to a pulp so that you can't run for help
I heard a gulp in your throat, cause you hope that I'll be merciful
but coo-cluck, I made you strut as I rehearse a few
battle drills, and watch your bladder spill
yellow fluid, check out how I mellowed into it
Face to feet to defeat, you can tell I'm into it
As I'm pullin out my lance, to kill you and advance to
the winner's throne; cause I own you once you step in the arena

{DJ Premier cuts the phrase &amp;amp;quot;Step up...&amp;amp;quot; over and over}

[Guru]
In the arena... or rather colliseum
There's people gatherin by multitudes to see one
perpretrator fall to the dust after the other
Quickly disposed of at the hand of a known brother
Born wit the art in his heart that is Spartacus
And one-to-one combat Jack, just a thought of this
match-up, makes GangStarr wanna snatch up
one or two phrases from the new book with new pages
of rhymes that are built like a chariot
Dope vocals carry it, to the battle set
If a beat was a princess, I would marry it
But now I must bow to the crowd as I stand proud
Victorius, glorious, understand now
cause battles and wars and much fights I have been through
One MC got beheaded, and you can too
Forget it, cause you'd rather be just a spectator
An onlooker, afraid you may get slayed or
struck by a blow, from a mic gladiator
I betcha that later you might be sad that you played yourself
cause you stepped up, chest puffed out
And in just one lyric, you got snuffed out
Cause rhymin is serious, I'm strong, I'm like Hercules
You'll get hurt with these lines, close the curtains please
and suckers can jet cause I wreck once you step in the arena

{DJ Premier cuts the phrase &amp;amp;quot;Step inside my... arena&amp;amp;quot; over and over}

[Guru]
In the arena or forum, weak MC's I will floor 'em
Causin mayhem, I'll slay them, and the blood'll be pourin
Furthermore I implore, that as a soldier of war
I go in only to win and be the holder of more
trophies, titles, and triumphs cause I dump all the sly chumps
Never choosin to lose my spot, not once
For the mere idea of an opponent that I fear
is foolish utterly, I mean but none'll be
tryin to toy wit a destroyer of many
You shitted your pants cause you can't figure any
foe that can step to this concept so
tou better sit again citizen, weak MC's I get rid of them
Watch the way they get distraught when they get caught
in the worst positions, cause they didn't listen
and tried goin up against a hungry killer who's itchin
to mame and murder, those who claimed that they were the
toughest ones, they get done once they step in the arena

{DJ Premier cuts the phrase &amp;amp;quot;Step inside my... arena&amp;amp;quot;}
Get the fuck up!
Simon Says get the fuck up!
Throw your hands in the sky (BO! BO! BO! BO!)
Queens is in the back sippin yak y'all what's up?
Girls, rub on your titties (yeahhhhhh)
Yeah I said it -- rub on your titties
New York city gritty committee pity the fool that
act shitty in the midst of the calm, the witty

Y'all know the name
Pharoahe-fuckin-Monch, ain't a damn thang changed
You all up in the Range, then your shit's inebriated
Phased from your original plan, you deviated
I alleviated the pain, with a long-term goal
Took my underground loot, without the gold
You sold platinum round the world, I sold wood in the hood
But when I'm in the street, then shit it's all good
I'm soon to motivate the room, control the game like Tomb Raider
Roc-clock dollars flip, tips like a waiter
Block shots, style's greater, let my lyrics annoint
If you holdin up the wall, then you missin the point

Get the fuck up!
Simon Says get the fuck up!
Put your hands to the sky (BO! BO! BO! BO!)
Brooklyn in the back shootin craps now what's up?
Girlies, rub on your titties (yeahhhhhh)
Fuck it I said, rub on your titties
New York City gritty committee, pity the fool that
act shitty in the midst of the calm, the witty

(Yo, where you at?) Uptown let me see em
Notorious for the six-fives and the BM's
Heads give you beef, you put em in the mausoleum
And the shit don't start pumpin til after 12 PM
Ugnh, ignorant minds, I free em
If you tired of the same old everyday you will agree I'm,
the most obligated, hard and R-Rated
Stated to be the best, I must confess the star made it
Some might even say this song is sexist-es
Cause I asked the girls to rub on their breast-eses
Whether your ridin the train or in Lexus-es
This is for either/or Rollies or Timex-eses
Wicked like Exorcist, this is the joint
You holdin up the wall, then you missin the point

Get the fuck up!
Simon Says get the fuck up!
Throw your hands in the sky (BO! BO! BO! BO!)
The Bronx is in the back shootin craps, now what's up?
Girlies, rub on your titties (yeahhhhhh)
I said, rub on your titties!
New York city gritty commitee, pity the fool that
act shitty in the midst of the calm, the witty

New Jeru, get the fuck up!
Shaolin, get the fuck up!
Long Isle, get the fuck up!
Worldwide, get the fuck up!
[Chorus]
I'm here to laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor
and help the damn revolution come quicker
Laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor; and help make a revolution
I'm here to laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor
and help the damn revolution come quicker
Laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor; and maybe make a revolution

Now this thing fin to end in fisticuffs
But if you gots to go 'head, twist it up
That's yo job fin make you piss in cups
Make you have to hustle rent with your pistols up

Now if Uncle Sam promisin' his murder gang
We goin' to rise out this ash like that bird of flame
Hopin' you take action from the word I bring
But if the police ask you never heard my name

Five years old, eyelids half-mast
Bedtime is 8 PM, it's half past
Try to take me to bed, I make the mad dash
Scared in my sleep, I miss what had passed
Quarter century later, I'm still not sleepin'
If I'm not involved I feel I ain't breathin'
If I can't change the world, I ain't leavin' baby
That's the same reason you should call me this evening

[Chorus]
I'm here to laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor
and help the damn revolution come quicker
Laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor; and help make a revolution
I'm here to laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor
and help the damn revolution come quicker
Laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor; and maybe make a revolution

I fin to take shots that make a mark
Not just take shots of Maker's Mark
That's how they make us marks
We gotta try see the whole system break apart

We fin to drive to the lake and park
Before we start, here's a club smelling like sweat, rum and perfume
She lettin' out whoops 'cause they playin' her tune
If we could, we would stay here 'til it turned noon
'Til the sky, we resist and resume

It's millenium three, we colared and cuffed
It's a world conversation, I'm hollarin' stuff
Like we done wallowed in muck, and squalorin' up
Who's the culprit, follow the buck, I'm just followin' up
'Cause like me, you gots to be in the middle of it
Unravellin' the riddle of it
And to do that you goin' to ride on the powers that be
Well I fin to ride with you, take me home in your little

I'm here to laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor
and help the damn revolution come quicker
Laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor; and help make a revolution
I'm here to laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor
and help the damn revolution come quicker
Laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor; and maybe make a revolution
(that's right!)

I'm not just *
We up against the wall
We can't just talk about it
Get all up in it now

I'm here to laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor
and help the damn revolution come quicker
Laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor; and help make a revolution
I'm here to laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor
and help the damn revolution come quicker
Laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor; and maybe make a revolution
(that's right!)

Laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor; (that's right!!)
Laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor; (that's right!!)
Laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor, (that's right!!)
Laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor, (that's right!!)

I'm here to laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor
and help the damn revolution come quicker
Laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor; and help make a revolution
I'm here to laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor
and help the damn revolution come quicker
Laugh, love, fuck and drink liquor; and maybe make a revolution
Lyrics Directory &amp;gt; The Coup &amp;gt; Laugh / Love / Fuck Lyrics Plugin
Verse 1: Treach
My thoughts are thundering tumblin
Sons of bitches switches from yelling ta mumbling
You ain't a pal of me my family ties but not wit Mallory
My analogy ain't for salary as I roll reality thru galaxies
Four centuries it's sent to me with the scent of oiu
Witta chain representing penitentiaries
from Roman town to Borentown
From Newark to Illtown
And all you know from
lifers, Rikers ta foesome
Wasn't driving to fast, I was flying to low
You think I'm rocking too quick, I think you're listening to slow
I'm abrupting construction, a pumping assumption
You diss while your family say I'm the best shit since fucking
Struckin 'bout an obstruction or turning something of nothing
From more things to more things, it's the rip in every function
Funking it up, pumping it up, chumping the ducks
Looking ta hump Ms. Junk in the trunk, pump pumpin me up

Chorus:
Jersey niggas are the craziest
New York niggas are the craziest
DC niggas are the craziest
Philly niggas are the craziest
LA niggas are the craziest
Chi town niggas are the craziest
Texas niggas are the craziest
Utah niggas are the craziest

Verse 2: Vin Rock
My lyrics be laced with 40 ounces of funk and stuff, you get rushed, you
get bust
You call yourself callin my bluff, enough's enough
I'm puttin it down on the real end
This one goes out to all the people who be questioning
my skills, niggas I been rockin since lee twillz
and we feel that we build careers of steel
So all the rest come up and test but only stress is what you'll find
thinkin
Vinnie don't write and Vinnie can't rhyme shrinkin
The sleepin MC I eat like good 'n' plenty
Lyrically spankin ya that's why they call me Uncle Vinnie
And oh yes, I just appeal to the masses
young to old folks, the upper, lower, middle classes
They don't begin wit no lying professor
they begin when Vin pick up the pen and pad up off the dresser
Lesser, a man should never challenge a clan
wit thirteen years experience of rippin mic's put in our hands

Chorus:
Detroit niggas are the craziest
Miami niggas are the craziest
Little Rock niggas are the craziest
Oak Town niggas are the craziest

Verse 3: Treach
I got barbarians to bogard me in
at a club that barred me when
a broad got thrown like barbarnigan born again, thrown aboard
A brim is broke to the back I brawl and band from brains ta balls
Da boots word ta-burr-bam-boo break the loot
Blowing up brain cells BOOM like Beirut
Assume the same suit, fuck that fly shit wit the flavor ca shi
Gives last name ain't Suzuki but still my sidekick
Whip that hide quick if ya slide quick, blood clot ya Blood clique
You ain't rolling if our tape ain't what ya ride wit
Niggas snipe shit so I'm on a knife tip
Like the youngsters 'bout ta take you on some hip-hop ride shit
If you ain't jumpin then don't pump it
I'm hittin Jermaine in Atlanta cos he owe me loot for that jump shit
Fuck astronauts I rock it
and from now on if you bite my style when I see you, I'm in your pockets

Chorus:
Cleveland niggas are the craziest
Virginia niggas are the craziest
Kentucky niggas are the craziest
St. Louis niggas are the craziest
Atlanta niggas are the craziest
Maryland niggas are the craziest
San Diego niggas are the craziest
Seattle niggas are the craziest
Boston niggas are the craziest
Illtown niggas are the craziest
Zoo Crew niggas are the craziest
Jersey City niggas are the craziest
All my Newark niggas are the craziest
Go Daddy-O!

Go Daddy-O!
Go Daddy-O!
Go Daddy-O!

Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!

You gotta go daddy-o!
[Verse 1 - Eminem:]
Got a shitty grin, bitch show me them itty-bitty titties again
We're in Sin City, since when did we begin to get addicted to dope
Diggity, bitch, you need to run and go get your friggidy-friends
I'm looking at your bum-stickidy-bum hun
The migidy mac's, bigidy back
Don't act wigidy-wack, you can get the figidy-finger, the middle
You little dizzy bitch, sit spiggidy spin
Got a 6 o' clock craving, stop get Ciroc
It's about to be an unbelievable night
I call it surreal, Sir Mix a Lot tape in
Hit the spot, spot my next victim up
Picky like I missed a spot shaving
Came to sip vodka, shit yeah, that little chick is hot but if she got rabies
I wouldn't give the bitch a shot, I poke her in the rear
But I bet if I lick her, she'll try to chase me (Haha)
What are you pit, rott, mixed oh, you just got fixed well shit then let's lip-lock
If not then trick piss off you snobby little pig snot nose
You think you're hot shit cause you're in heat
Well, bitch, if you're solar
Then I'm your polar opposite dog cause I'm colder than popsicle sticks, poppin' shit
Talkin' it, walkin' it, spit rocks
Then my sick thoughts are about to lick shots
Like this shit's hopping, and drip-dropping in chocolate-ly whip-topping
So whether you're Hip Hop, Slipknot, Big, Pac
Kid Rock, Kris Kross, Rick Ross, you'll dig this
If not then kick rocks in flip flops
And I produced the track
So you don't have to ask who it is when this shit knocks (TURN UP!)
So bring clairvoyance to this bangin and I'm a keep on saying
All the shit I should be hung for, and probably killed for saying
And I probably will, but not until the day I pop a pill again
Like chopping 'til I'm dropping, still if that don't do the job of killing Shady, then the karma will, insane him
I'm as brainy Mohammad until the Parkinson's done eat away my brain
And made me Robin Williams crazy
Or I end up with dementia, but you rocking with a sadist
So you can say this, but if the thought is entertaining
I ain't stopping to explain it
Oh my God, for real man, not again I'm shaking
But before I tie a rope around this nob
If they don't like it, got a knob they can slob on until it's-
Wait I just forgot what I was thinking...
What's it called again? I'm blanking
Something about the balls between my legs and I think I can feel it dangling, it's throbbing and it's veiny
Wait I think I got it, okay bitch I got you, Robin Williams hanging
Let's Go hang in the lobby unless you came to slob me
Come on kemosabe
It's past time, like your favorite hobby
Cause if the way that I spit shit remains on my dick then she grab me by the nuts and tried to take my sausage as a hostage
Ain't it obvious? Pretty much a no brainer, or should I say Cobainer?
That she's plain addicted to my dick like Lorena Bobbit
Got a wean her off it, weiner off it like she took my fucking penis, chopped it, and stuck it up between her armpits
And she begun to swing a crumpet knife and paint the carpet, at least that's what her train of thought is
Cause I came, saw, conquered, hit it, quit it, and made up a plane of bonkers
And I always end up giving these bitches some complex
And I don't mean apartment
So spread your feet apart
And let me see you do some yoga stretches, splits
Now grab this Cuisinart
And make me breakfast, bitch, that's a prerequisite
And that's just to get in this bedroom, bitch
Walked up to that Ke$ha chick (what up?)
Said my names Booger, wanna catch a flick?
I'll even let you pick, make her fetch a stick
Bet you if you get this old dog these new tricks
To get familiar with I'll learn extra quick
Kick a pregnant bitch, oops, I guess the shit
Took an unexpected twist like the neck of the freaking exorcist
Bitch, I said that this mask ain't for hockey
Hate Versace, Versace, I got Mnchhausen by proxy
I'm making you sick, don't pretend you can't hear me
You deaf, girl, I said you was foxy
I'll tell a bitch like Bizarre
Bitch, shut the fuck up and get in my car
And suck my fucking dick while I take a shit
And I think with my dick so come blow my mind
And it tastes like humble pie
So swallow my pride, you're lucky just to follow my ride
If I let you run alongside the Humvee
Unless you're Nicki, grab you by the wrist, let's skeet
So what's it gon' be? Put that shit away Iggy
You gon' blow that rape whistle on me
(Scream!) I love it
'Fore I get lost with the gettin' off
Like this is our exit, now let's hit the highway and try not to get lost
'Till we get to Las Vegas

[Bridge - Eminem:]
(Party, do it 'till tomorrow)
Vegas
'Till we get to Las Vegas
(Party, do it 'till tomorrow)
Vegas
'Till we get to Las Vegas
(Party, do it 'till tomorrow)
Vegas
'Till we get to Las Vegas
(Party, do it 'till tomorrow)
Vegas

[Chorus - Eminem:]
Whatever happens here, stays here
So let's go all the way dear
Til we get to Las Vegas

[Verse 2 - Royce da 5'9:]
Whatever happens in my room, it stays in my room like movie night like cable
Treat every women in my stable like flavors
Looking like she kryptonite and I get weak after like 7 days
In 7 nights in the days Inn it's our Vegas
We roll in circles in packs... we the lifesavers
She got a boyfriend, I got a toy then
I'll bring her with me when I show up to her crib waving
And I ain't tryna be the nice neighbor
I'm so Jay Electronic, I'm cut like I'm all out of razors
And all I got is a gun left with a bayonet on it
Next ho froze and it look like I walked in to a jewelry store
With a about a million dollars with your mama
And sat down n did the ALS challenge, haaaan
I stole that adlib from French, Bad &amp; Evil back at it again
About to get my back tatted again
About to get a pic of a backstabber with an axe in his hand
Sitting on a bike in the sand
If you ain't been through nothing
Then that shouldn't mean nothing to you like lice on a gram
If she current I keep her pussy purring like the pipes on a Lam
Weed got her so chinky eyed
Look like she been getting high on a flight to Japan
I keep my jewelry on while I'm fucking
Sound like I'm shaking up dice in a can
Listen, though this ain't Christmas I make you my ex miss
If this is my passion
I learn to give those who don't appreciate my presence
The gift of my absence
I don't know who you been listening to
Got me fucked up like Pookie in the chicken coop
Bitch, I don't give a two shits
Bitch, get the fuck out of my face
To make a long story short, I don't really gotta stand there
And listen to you while you throw a silly tantrum
Even though I have an affinity for witty banter
Starting to feel like foulplay like Billy Laimbeer
Hold up, she misunderstood me
I said take parvour four
Thought I said the wraith had four doors
I knock a nigga face off
Give him the bottom of the nine like a baseball scoreboard (whatever...)
I leave the club with my tab still open
Won't even get a cab for you and your friend
The only fear I have is of loathing
And I won't even kick in 'till we get to Las Vegas

[Bridge]

[Chorus]
Do you want to get high?(yeah)
Does everybody want to get high? (yeah)

Hits from the bong
Hits from the bong
Hits from the bong
Hits from the bong

pick it, pack it
Fire it up, come along
And take a hit from the bong
Put the blunt down
Just for a second
Don't get me wrong
It's not a new method
Inhale
Exhale
Just got an ounce in the mail
I like a blunt or a big fat cone
But my double-barrel bong
Is gettin' me stoned
I'm skill it
There's water inside don't spill it
It smells like shit on the carpet
Still it
Goes down smooth when I get a clean hit
Of the skunky, phunky, smelly green shit
Sing my song
Puff all night long
As I take hits from the bong
Hits from the bong y'all

Hits from the bong
Can i get a....hit?
Hits from the bong
Can i get a....hit?

Hits from the bong
Can i get a....hit?
Hits from the bong
Can i get a....hit?

Let's smoke that bowl
Hit the bong
And then take that finger off of that hole
Plug it
Unplug it
Don't strain
I love you Mary Jane
She never complains
When I hit Mary
With that flame
I light up the cherry
She's so good to me
When I pack a fresh bowl I clean the screen
Don't get me stirred up
The smoke, through the bubbling water
Is makin' it pure so I got ta
Take my hit and hold it
Just like Chong
I get the bowl and I reload it
Get my four-footer and bring it on
As I take hits from the bong

Hits from the bong
Can i get a....hit?
Hits from the bong
Can i get a....hit?

Hits from the bong
Can i get a....hit?
Hits from the bong
Can i get a....hit?

Hits from the bong
Can i get a....hit?
Hits from the bong
Can i get a....hit?

Hits from the bong
Can i get a....hit?
BREATHE (Oh!)
Woo! Woo! Woo!
BREATHE!

One and then the two
Two and then the three
Three and then the four
Then you gotta BREATHE
One and then the two
Two and then the three
Three and then the four
Then you gotta BREATHE
Then you gotta..
Then you gotta..

(hook)
Yo these niggaz can't breathe when I come through, hum too
some shoes gotta be 20 man
its not even funny they can't BREATHE
The choke holds too tight
the left looks too right
you know what? You right
these bitches can't BREATHE

(chorus)
Look look, their hearts racin
they start chasin
but im so fast when I blow past that they can't BREATHE
In the presence of the man
your future looks better than ya past if u present with the man
U betta BREATHE

U niggas can't share my air
or walk around in the pair I wear
and im getting better year by year
like they say Juan do
cops couldn't smell me if you brought the canines through
And I pace myself
I know these money hungry bitches wanna taste my wealth
but I keep em on a diet
embrace they health
or either keep em on a quiet
and space myself
and just take a deep breath
I got em grabbin they chest
cuz its hurtin em to see fab in his best
and they in they worst
they rather see me lay in the hearse than lay in the back,
and I'm not just layin a verse
im sayin the facts
I came back with some sicker stones
That got these broke niggaz lookin at me like they choking on a chicken bone
Every chick I bone
can't leave the dick alone
so I know
its one of them everytime I get my phone

One and then the two
Two and then the three
Three and then the four
Then you gotta BREATHE
One and then the two
Two and then the three
Three and then the four
Then you gotta BREATHE
One and then the two
Two and then the three
Three and then the four
Then you gotta BREATHE
Then you gotta..
Then you gotta..

(hook)
Yo these niggaz can't breathe when I come through, hum too
some shoes gotta be 20 man
its not even funny they can't BREATHE
The choke holds too tight
the left looks too right
you know what? You right
these bitches can't BREATHE

(chorus)
Look look, their hearts racin
they start chasin
but im so fast when I blow past that they can't BREATHE
In the presence of the man
your future looks better than ya past if u present with the man
Bitch, BREATHE


I see em on the block when I passes
lookin like they need oxygen mask-s
I make it hard to BREATHE
but I keep the glocks in the stashes
cuz the cops wanna lock and harass us
and make it hard to BREATHE
they has to react
like havin a asthma attack
when they see the plasma in back
you dudes r wheezin behind me
my flow is like a coup, breezin at 90
that's the reason they signed me
its quick metaphors and hard punches on the cuts
feels something like hard punches to the gut
how I address the haters, and under estimaters
and ride up on them like they escalators
they shook up, and hooked up to respirators
on they last breath talking to investigators
im a breathe of fresh air
and a fresh pair
face it boo, and do it till ur face get blue
and then BREATHE

One and then the two
Two and then the three
Three and then the four
Then you gotta BREATHE
One and then the two
Two and then the three
Three and then the four
Then you gotta BREATHE
One and then the two
Two and then the three
Three and then the four
Then you gotta BREATHE
Then you gotta..
Then you gotta..

(hook)
Yo these niggaz can't breathe when I come through, hum too
some shoes gotta be 20 man
its not even funny they can't BREATHE
The choke holds too tight
the left looks too right
you know what? You right
these bitches can't BREATHE

In the presence of the man
your future looks better than ya past if u present with the man
Bitch, BREATHE

When the crew walk in it
pop a few corks in it
as quick as a tick in a new york minute
catch a breath, fore u catch a left
even worse, catch a tef
only way u catch a f
to the AB, its in the maybe
rollin with my baby
grippin on a toy that you won't find in KB
I rhyme slick on ya
ima hav to put the Heimlich on ya
wut u know know bout letting dimes lick on ya? Till they inhale ya seed
and they don't stop till I tell em to breathe
like a doctor with a stethoscope
I don't see no fuckin hope
unless these motherfuckers BREATHE

Yeah, Brooklyn gotta, uptown gotta, the Bronx gotta, Queens gotta, staten isl. gotta, u niggas gotta, u bitches gotta, everybody BREATHE

One and then the two
Two and then the three
Three and then the four
Then you gotta..
Then you gotta.. BREATHE
BREATHE (repeats)
It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you
Without a strong rhyme to step to
Think of how many weak shows you slept through
Time's up, I'm sorry I kept you
Thinking of this, you keep repeating you miss
The rhymes from the microphone soloist
And you sit by the radio, hand on the dial, soon
As you hear it, pump up the volume
Dance wit the speaker 'till you hear it blow,
Then plug in the headphone 'cause here it go
It's a 4 letter word when it's heard, it control
your body to dance (You got it) soul,
Ditects the tempo like a red alert
Reaches your reflex, so let it work
When this is playing, you can't get stuck wit
The steps, so get set and I'm a still come up wit
A gift to be swift, follow the leader, the rhyme will go
Def wit the record that was mixed a long time ago
It can be done but only I can do it
For those that can dance and clap your hands to it
I start to think and then I sink
Into the paper like I was ink
When I'm writing, I'm trapped in between the lines,
I escape when I finish the rhyme...
I got soul

You got it (4x)
I know you got soul

Picture a mic, the stage is empty
A beat like this might tempt me
To pose, show my rings and my fat gold chain
Grab the mic like I'm on Soul Train
But I'll wait 'cause I mastered this
Let the others go first so the brothers don't miss
Eric B. break the sticks (you got it)
Rakim will begin when you make the mix
I'll experiment like a scientist
You wanna rhyme, you gotta sign my list
'Cause I'm a manifest and bless the mic I hold
You want it next? then you gotta have soul
'Cause if you ain't got it, I'm a make an encore
Take the mic, make the people respond for
The R, 'cause that's the way it'll have to be
If you wanna get on after me
Think about it, wait, erase your rhyme
Forget it and don't waste your time
'Cause I'll be in the crowd if you ain't controlling it
Drop the mic, you shouldn't be holding it
This is how it should be done
This style is identical to none
Some try to make it sound like this but you're getting me
So upset that I'm wet 'cause you're sweating me
I drip steam like a microphone fiend
Eager to MC is my theme
I get hype when I hear a drum roll
Rakim is on the mic and you know I got soul

You got it (5x)

I got soul (you got it) that's why I came
To teach those who can't say my name
First of all, I'm the soloist, the soul controller
Rakim gets stronger as I get older
Constant elevation causes expansion
I write my rhyme while I cool in my mansion
Then put it on tape and in the city I test it
Then on the radio the R's requested
You listen to it, the concept might break you
'Cause almost anyone can relate to...
Whoever's out of hand, I'm give him handles
Light 'em up, blow 'em out like candles
Or should I just let him melt?
Then give him a hand so they can see how it felt
I'm not bold just cuz I rock gold
Rakim is on the mic and you know I got soul

You got it (4x)

Now I'm a stop to see what you got
Get off the mic before I get too hot
I want to see which posse can dance the best
It should be easy 'cause the beat is fresh
Now if your from Uptown, Brooklyn- bound,
The Bronx, Queens, or Long Island Sound,
Even other states come right and exact,
It ain't where you're from, it's where you're at
Since you came here, you have to show and prove
And do that dance until it don't move
'Cause all you need is soul self-esteem will release,
The rest is up to you, Rakim 'll say peace

You got it (10x)
What is this that stands before me
Figure in black which points at me
Turn 'round quick and start to run
Find out I'm the chosen one

Oh, no

Big black shape with eyes of fire
Telling people their desire
Satan sitting there, he's smiling
Watches those flame get higher and higher

Oh, God--please help me
Oh, no--no

Child cries out for its mother
Mother screaming in the fire
Satan points at me again
Opens the door to push me in

Oh, no
Oh, God

Is it the end my friend
Satan's coming 'round the bend
People running 'cause they're scared
You people better go and beware

No, no
Please, God--no
[Run]
Run.. (Run..) D.. (D) M.. (M) C.. (C)
Rock.. (rock.. rock..)
For you! (for you.. for you..)
Fresh (fresh.. fresh..)

{*guitar solo*}

[Run]
For all you sucker MC's perpetratin a FRAUD
Your rhymes are cold wack and keep the crowd cold lost
You're the kind of guy that girl ignored
I'm drivin Caddy, you fixin a FORD
My name is Joseph Simmons but my middle name's Lord
and when I'm rockin on the mic, you should all applaud
Because we're (wheelin, dealin, we got a funny feelin)
We rock from the floor up the ceilin
We groove it (you move it) it has been proven
We calmed the seven seas because our music is SOOTHIN
We create it (relate it) and often demonstrate it
We'll diss a sucker MC make the other suckers hate it
We're rising (suprising) and often hypnotizing
We always tell the truth and then we never slip no lies in
No curls (no braids) peasy-head and still get paid
Jam Master cut the record up and down and cross-fade

{*guitar solo*}

[Run]
Because the rhymes I say, sharp as a nail
Witty as can be and not for sale
Always funky fresh, could NEVER be stale

[D.M.C.]
Took a test to become an MC and didn't fail
I couldn't wait to demonstrate
all the super def rhymes that I create
I'm a wizard of a word, that's what you heard
And anything else is quite absurd
I'm the master of a mic, that's what I say
And if I didn't say that, you'd say it anyway

[Run]
Bust into the party, come in the place
See the first things come, the music in your face
Tears down the walls, some of the floor
with the DJ named Jay with the cuts galore

[D.M.C.]
So listen to this because it can't be missed
and you can't leave til you're dismissed
You can do anything that you want to
but you can't leave until we're through
So relax your BODY and your mind
and listen to us say this rhyme - HEY
You might think that you have WAITED
long enough til the rhyme was STATED
But if it were a test it would be GRADED
with a grade that's not DEBATED
Nothing too deep and nothing dense
and all our rhymes make a lot of SENSE

[Run-D.M.C.]
So move your butt, to the cut
Run amuk, you're not in a rut
Each and everybody out there, we got the notion

[D.M.C.]
We want to see y'all all in motion

[Run-D.M.C.]
Just SHAKE, WIGGLE jump up and down
Move your body to the funky sound

[D.M.C.]
Side to side, back and forth

[Run-D.M.C.]
We're the two MC's, and we're gonna go off
Stand in place, walk or RUN
Tap your feet, you'll be on the one

[D.M.C.]
Just snap your fingers and clap your hands

[Run-D.M.C.]
Our DJ's better than all these bands
HUH!!

{*Jam Master Jay cuts then instrumental breaks down*}

[Run]
the sense required is all too vague
within my faculties, building me
this awesome presence longs to see
the times i've fallen
the times i've failed

and i've never seen my hands
and i couldn't walk away
two worlds are the same tomorrow
still i must not complain

the sense acquired is all too grave
with less than one percent left in me
this awesome prison locked and sealed
for times i've borrowed, for times i've failed

and i've never seen my hands
and i couldn't walk away
two worlds are the same tomorrow
still i must not complain

and i've never seen my hands
and i couldn't walk away
two worlds are the same tomorrow
still i must not complain

and i've never heard a whisper
and i'd never speak of pain
two worlds are the same tomorrow
to all i seem inane
Dina Rea:
Mmmhh

Eminem:
You high baby?

Dina Rea:
Yeahh...

Eminem:
Yeah?

Dina Rea:
hahaha..Talk to me...

Eminem:
You want me to tell you somethin?

Dina Rea:
Uh huh...

Eminem:
I know what you wanna hear...
'Cuz I know you want me baby I think I want you too...

Dina Rea:
I think I love you baby...

Eminem:
I think I love you too...
I'm here to save you girl,
Come be in shady's world,
I wanna grow together,
Let's let our love unfurl.
You know you want me baby,
You know I want you too,
They call me Superman,
i'm here to rescue you.
I wanna save you girl,
come be in Shady's world...

Dina Rea:
oh boy you drive me crazy...

Eminem:
bitch you make me hurl

Eminem:
They call me superman
Leap tall hoes in a single bound,
I'm single now,
Got no ring on this finger now,
I'll never let another chick bring me down,
In a relationship, save it bitch, babysit? you make me sick,
Superman aint savin shit, girl you can jump on shady's dick,
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase,
I'll tell a m'fuckin slut to her face,
Play no games, say no names,
ever since I broke up with what's her face,
I'm a different man, kiss my ass, kiss my lips, bitch why ask?
Kiss my dick, hit my cash, i'd rather have you whip my ass,
Don't put out? i'll put you out,
Won't get out? i'll push you out,
Puss blew out, copin shit,
Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out,
Am I too nice? buy you ice,
Bitch if you died, wouldn't buy you life,
What you tryin to be, my new wife?
What you Mariah? fly through twice,
But I do know one thing though,
Bitches they come, they go,
Saturday through Sunday monday,
Monday through Sunday yo,
Maybe i'll love you one day,
Maybe we'll someday grow,
Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway hoe...

Chorus:
'Cuz I can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
I can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Can't be your superman,
Your superman, your superman...

Eminem:
Don't get me wrong,
I love these hoes,
It's no secret,
Everybody knows,
Yeah we fucked
Bitch so what?
That's about as far as your buddy goes,
We'll be friends,
I'll call you again,
I'll chase you around every bar you attend,
Never know what kind of car i'll be in,
We'll see how much you'll be partying then,
You don't want that,
Neither do I,
I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys,
Too much pride,
Between you and I,
Not a jealous man, but females lie,
But I guess that's just what sluts do,
How could it ever be just us two?
I never loved you enough to trust you,
We just met and I just fucked you,
But I do know one thing though,
Bitches they come they go,
Saturday through Sunday monday,
Monday through Sunday yo,
Maybe I'll love you one day,
Maybe we'll someday grow,
'Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway hoe...

Eminem &amp; Dina Rae Over Chorus 2x

Eminem:
I know you want me baby,
I think I want you too...

Dina Rea:
I think I love you baby...

Eminem:
I think I love you too,
I'm here to save you girl,
Come be in shady's world,
I wanna grow together,
Lets let our love unfurl,
You know you want me baby,
You know I want you too,
They call me Superman,
i'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you girl,
Come be in shady's world...

Dina Rea:
Oh boy you drive me crazy...

Eminem:
bitch you make me hurl.

Eminem:
First thing you said...

Dina Rea:
I'm not phazed,
I hang around big stars all day,
I don't see what the big deal is anyway,
You're just plain ol' Marshall to me...

Eminem:
Ooh yeah girl run that game...

Dina Rea:
Haily Jade...I love that name,
Love that tattoo...what's that say?
'rot in pieces' ...uhh that's great...

Eminem:
First off you don't know Marshall,
at all so don't grow partial,
That's ammo for my arsenal,
I'll slap you off that bar stool,
There goes another lawsuit,
Leave handprints all across you,
Good lordy-wody you must be gone off that quarter bottle,
You want what you can't have,
Ooh girl that's too damn bad,
Don't touch what you can't grab,
End up with two back hands,
Put Anthrax on a Tampax and slap you till you can't stand,
Girl you just blew your chance,
Don't mean to ruin your plans,
But I do know one thing though,
Bitches they come they go,
Saturday through Sunday Monday,
Monday through Sunday yo,
Maybe I'll love you one day,
Maybe we'll someday grow,
'Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin runway hoe...

Eminem &amp; Dina Rea Over Chorus 2x

Eminem:
I know you want me baby,
I think I want you too...

Dina Rea:
I think I love you baby...

Eminem:
I think I love you too,
I'm here to save you girl,
Come be in Shady's world,
I wanna grow together,
Lets let our love unfurl,
You know you want me baby,
You know I want you too,
They call me Superman,
i'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you girl,
Come be in shady's world...

Dina Rea:
Oh boy you drive me crazy...

Eminem:
bitch you make me hurl.

Chorus 2x B/W Dina Rea Singing:
If you're driftin' on an empty ocean
With no wind to fill your sails
The future your horizon
It's like searchin' for the Holy Grail

You feel there's no tomorrow
As you look into the water below
There's only your reflection
And you still aint got no place to go

(Chorus):
Time will show
When I don't know
Sail away tomorrow
Sailin' far away
To find it steal or borrow
I'll be there someday

Now woman I keep returnin'
To sing the same old songs
The story's been told, now I'm gettin' old
Tell me where do I belong

Feels like I'm goin' to surrender
Hard times I've had enough
If I could find a place to hide my face
I believe I could get back up

(Chorus)
Think of me as your soldier
The man whose life is for you
And the sweet love
That's greater than time has known

Think of me as your soldier
Through worlds of hate I'm for you
Tho' the darkness hits me ever hard
I'll stand long

And we'll be lovers seeing love by heaven's light
Lovers dreaming dreams each blessed by night
I will find the promised paradise
With you there I'll spend my life

In our hearts there are no others
We are bound as two lovers
To give the great eternal love

And we'll be lovers seeing love by heaven's light
Lovers dreaming dreams each blessed by night
I will find the promised paradise
With you there I'll spend my life
I'll spend my life

Think of me, girl, as your soldier
Through worlds of pain I'm for you
To give an endless love
To give an endless love
To give an endless love
To you....
[Talking]
Yeah... It's that real this time around
Immortal Technique... Revolutionary Vol. 2
It's on now mother fucker..
Lock and load!

[Verse 1]
This is the point of no return I could never go back
Life without parol up state shackled and trapped
Living in the hole, lookin' at the world through a crack
But fuck that, I'd rather shoot it out and get clapped
I've gone too far, there ain't no coming back for me
Auschwitz gas chamber full of Zyklon-B
Just like the spanish exterminating Tynos
Raping the black and Indian women, creating Latinos
Mother fuckers made me out of self richeous hatered
And you got yourself a virus, stuck in the Matrix
A suicide bomer strapped and ready to blow
Lethal injection strapped down ready to go
Don't you understand they'll never let me live out in peace
Concreate jungle, guerilla war out in the streets
Nat Turner with the sickle pitch fork and ma chatte
The end of the world, mother fucker you not ready
This is the point of no return and nobody can stop it
Malcolm little running up before Elijah Muhammad
The commedent killed the dinosaurs, changing the earth
They love to criticize they always say I change for the worse
Like prescription pills when you miss using them nigga
The temple of nights when they took Jerusalem nigga
And figured out what was buried under Soloman's temple
Al Aksa the name is no coincidental
I know too much to government is trying to murder me
No coming back like cutting your writs open vertically
How could the serpant be purposely put in charge of the country
Genetic engineered sickness spread amongst me
My people are so hungry that they attack without reason
Like a fuckin' dog ripping off the hand that feeds him
Immortal Technique is treason to the patriot act
So come and get me mother fucker cause I'm not coming back

[Hook]
This is the point from which I could never return
And if I back down now then forever I burn
This is the point from which I could never retreat
Cause If I turn back now there can never be peace
This is the point from which I will die and succeed
Living the struggle, I know I'm alive when I bleed
From now on it can never be the same as before
Cause the place I'm from doesn't exist anymore

[Verse 2]
This is the point of no return nigga you better believe this
Mary Magdalen giving birth to the children of Jesus
The evolution of the world, bloody and dramatic
Human beings killing monkeys to conquer the planet
The kingdoms of Africa and Mesopotamia
Machine gunnin' your body with depleated uranium
This is the age of micro chips and titanium
The dark side of the moon and contact with aliens
I started out like Australians, criminal minded
Broke into hell, tore it down, and built and city behind it
South Paul, murderous, methadology nigga
Remember that I'm just a man don't follow me nigga
Cause once you past the point you can never go home
You've got to face the possibility of dying alone
So tell me mother fucker, how could you die for the throne?
When you don't even got the fuckin' heart to die for your own
It rains acid, one day the earth will cry from a stone
And you'll be lookin' at the world livin' inside of a dome
Comperized humanity living inside of a clone
This is the place where the unknown is living and real
Worm went to planet X and the seventh seal
Universal truth is not measure in mass appeal
This is the last time that I kneel and pray to the sky
Cause almost everything that I was always ever told was a lie

[Hook]
This is the point from which I could never return
And if I back down now then forever I burn
This is the point from which I could never retreat
Cause If I turn back now there can never be peace
This is the point from which I will die and succeed
Living the struggle, I know I'm alive when I bleed
From now on it can never be the same as before
Cause the place I'm from doesn't exist anymore
(feat. Keak Da Sneak)

[Hook x2]
Tell me when to go... Tell me when to go...
Tell me when to go... Tell me when to go...
Go dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb

[Verse 1: E-40]
Ooh. Jesus Christ had dreads, so shake em
I aint got none, but I'm planning on growing some
Imagine all the Hebrews going dumb
Dancing on top of chariots and turning tight ones (eeerrrrr!)
Ooh, tell me when to go (dumb)
Talking on my Ghettro on the way to the store
... My 2nd or 3rd trip
Some Henny, some Swishers and some Listerine strips
Dr. Greenthumb lips, just to ease my thoughts
Not just the cops, but the homies you got to watch
The moon is full, look at the dark clouds
Sitting in my scraper, watching Oakland Gone Wild... Ta-dow
I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
All that other shit, sugar-coated and watered down
I'm from the Bay where we hyphy and go dumb
From the soil where them rappers be getting their lingo from

[Hook x2]
Tell me when to go... Tell me when to go...
Tell me when to go... Tell me when to go...
Go dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb

[Verse 2: Keak Da Sneak]
I'm off that 18 dummy juice
.... Yadamean, labeled the Black Zeus
King of the super dooper hyphy (hyphy, hyphy, hyphy, hyphy)
And your wife, she don't like me (like me, like me, like me, like me)
&amp;gt;From the Bay to the A
Put me in the back wood, Swisher sweet bud, orange lace (Let's go, it's dope)
Bitches wish I wrote, I said they couldn't be saved by John the Pope (John the Pope)
I slid past on the gas, bitches looking at me
It's good, it's good like the granddaddy
Cross game, you get flipped like a burger patty
Or zig-zagged... pass me a big old fatty
.... I drink white, with a snow bunny
Talking big shit in the scraper, going hella dummy
1800, Jose Cuervo
Yadada mean, yadada I'm saying though

[Hook x2]
Tell me when to go... Tell me when to go...
Tell me when to go... Tell me when to go...
Go dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb

[Outro: E-40]
[x4] Ghost-ride the whip
[x8] Now... Scrape
[x4] Put your stunna shades on
[x2] Now... Gas, brake, dip, dip
[x4] Shake them dreads
[x4] Let me see you show your grill
[x4] Now... Thizz face
[x4] Doors open, mayne
[x4] Now... Watch em swang
[x2] Go stupid, go (dumb, dumb)

[Hook x2]
Tell me when to go... Tell me when to go...
Tell me when to go... Tell me when to go...
Go dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb
My homeboys in Clinton And Rikers Island
All the penitentiaries
Mumia, Mutulu, Geronimo Pratt
All the political Prisoners
San Quinton
All the jailhouses
I'm with you

Yeah
One Thug, One Thug
How do we keep the music playing
One Thug, One Thug

[Verse 1]

I wake up early in the morning
mind state so military
Suckas fantasizing
Pictures of a young brother buried
Was it me
The Weed
Or this life I lead
If daytime is for suckas then tonight we breathe
Out for all that
Knowing that this world brings drawbacks
Look how they shiver
Once I deliver these war raps
Meet me at the cemetery dressed in black
Tonight we
Honor the dead, those who won't be back
So if I die do the same for me
Shed no tears
An Outlaw, thug living in this game for years
Why worry?
Hope to God
Get me high when I'm buried
Knowing deep inside only a few love me
Don't rush me through the gates of heaven
Let me picture for a while
How I lived from my days as a child
I wonder now
How do we outlast, always get cash
Stay strong if we all mash
Hold Your head

[Chorus]

How do we keep the music playing
(You got to hold your head)
How do we get ahead
(Hold your head)
Too many young black brothers are dying
(You got to hold your head)
Living fast, too fast
(hahaha)

[Verse 2]

These felonies be like prophecies
Begging me to stop
Cause these lawyers getting money every time they knock us
Snatch they pockets lyrically
Suckas flee when they notice
Switched my name to Makaveli
Had the rap game closed
Expose foes, with my hocus pocus flows, they froze
Now suckas idolize my chosen blows
And more money, mean litigating
More playa hating
Got a cell at the Penn for me waiting
Is this my fate?
Miss me with that misdemeanor thinking
We fall back
Never had too much Tequilla drinking
We all that
Make them understand me
You lie to say my posse
Everyone roll with me is family
Cause every bodies got me
Watch me paint a perfect vision
This life we living
Got us all meeting up in prison
Last week I got a letter from my road dog
Written in blood
Saying Please show a young playa love
Hold your head
Hold it

[Chorus]

How do we keep the music playing
(You got to hold your head)
How do we get ahead
(C'Mon, Hold your head)
Too many young black brothers are dying
(Yes, hold hold your head)
Living fast, too fast
(Weed got me thinking in my mind)

[Verse 3]

God bless the child that can hold is own
Indeed
Enemies bleed when I hold my chrome
Let these words be the last
To my unborn seeds
Hope to raise my young nation in this world of greed
Currency means nothing if you still ain't free
Money breeds jealousy, take the game from me
I hope for better days
Trouble comes naturally
Running from authorities
Till they capture me
And my aim, is to spread more smiles than tears
Utilize lessons learned from my childhood years
Maybe mama had it all right
Rest your head
Straight conversation all night
Bless the dead
To the homies that I used to have
That no longer roll
Catch a brother at the crossroads
Plus, nobody knows my soul
Watching time pass
Through the glass of my drop top Rolls
Hold your head

[Chorus]

How do we keep the music playing
(You got to hold your head)
How do we get ahead
(No matter how hard it gets, feel me, c'mon)
(Hold your head)
Too many young black brothers are dying
(Smoke some weed, drink a drink, read a book,
watch the stars, get some pussy, whatever)
Living fast, too fast

How do we keep the music playing
(Yes, you got to hold your head)
How do we get ahead
Louder, louder, louder, louder, louder, louder
louder, louder, Yeah
(Repeat)

Yeah, it's for the People

[Verse 1]
This is street ra-dio, for unsung heroes
Ridin in they regal, tryin to stay legal
My daughter found Nemo, I found the new primo
Yeah you know how we do, we do it for the people
And the struggles of the brothas and the folks
With lovers under dope, experiment to discover hopes
Scuffle for notes, the rougher I wrote, times were harder
Went from rocky starter to a voice of a martyr
Why white folks focus on dogs and yoga
While people on the low end tryin to ball and get over
Lyrics are like liquor for the fallen soldiers
From the bounce to the ounce, its all our culture
Everyday we hustlin, tryna get them custom rims
Law we ain't trustin them, thick broads we lust in them
Sick and tired of bunchin it, I look on the bus at them
When I see them struggling, I think how I'm touchin them
The People

[Chorus]
The days, have come
Now we, are one
Just take, your time
And then, you'll find

[Verse 2]
This is street ra-dio, for unsung heroes
Ridin in they regal, tryin to stay legal
My daughter found Nemo, I found the new primo
Yeah you know how we do, we do it for the people
The people said that I was sharp on TV
At the Grammy's, though they tried to India.Arie me
Got back stage, and I bumped into Stevie
He said no matter what, the people gone see me
Can't leave rap alone the streets need me
Hunger in they eyes, is what seems to feed me
Inside peace mixed with beast seem to breed me
Nobody believe, until I believe me
Now I'm on the rise doin business with my guys
Visions realize, music affected lives
A gift from the skies, to be recognize
I'm keeping my eyes on the people, that's the prize

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
This is street ra-dio, for unsung heroes
Ridin in they regal, tryin to stay legal
My daughter found Nemo, I found the new primo
Yeah you know how we do, we do it for the people
From Englewood to a single hood in Botswana
I see the I in We my nigga, yours is my drama
Standin in front of the judge with no honor
Barack stick, knight the people like Obama
The karma of the streets is needs and takes
Sometimes we find peace in beats and breaks
Put the bang in the back so the seats can shake
Rebel Cadillac music for the people sake
The People

[Chorus]
[Chorus: Eminem]
This kind of music, use it, and you get amped to do shit
Whenever you hear some shit and you can't refuse it
It's just some shit, for these kids, to trash they rooms with
Just refuse whenever they asked to do shit
The type of shit that you don't have to ask who produced it
You just know - that's the new shit
The type of shit that causes mass confusion
and drastic movement of people actin stupid

[Kon Artist]
I come to every club with intention to do wrong
With a prosthetic arm
And smelling like Boone's Farm
Hiding under tables as soon as I hear alarms
Paranoid thief that'll steal from his own moms
Kunivin Kon
Artis with a bomb
Strapped to my stomach screamin'
"Let's get it on!"
A lust that love the drank
Drunk driving a tank
Rolling over a bank
Cops see me and faint
It's drastic
I'm passed my limit of coke
I think I'll up my high by slitting your throat
Push a baby carriage into the street
Till it's minced meat
Your men's been beat
The minute I step foot on your street
This is fight music!

[Bizarre]
You know why my hands are so numb? (No)
Asked my grandmother to suck my dick
And I didn't cum (Oh)
Smacked this whore for talking crap (Bitch)
So what if she's handicapped (What?)
The bitch said Bizarre couldn't rap (haha)
I fuckin hate you
I'll take your drawers down and rape you
While Dr. Dre videotapes you (Hell yeah!)
Satan done got me on this song
Eatin a hotdog readin the Holy Qu'ran
While I'm on the john
Tired of wearin this yellow thong
Take it back Sisqo
You know where it belongs (thong th-thong thong)
Now here's a gun
I'll put it in your palm (baw)
Now go over there and blow off Dru Hill's arms
Fuck your love songs

[Chorus: Eminem]
This kind of music, use it, and you get amped to do shit
Whenever you hear some shit and you can't refuse it
It's just some shit, for these kids, to trash they rooms with
Just refuse whenever they asked to do shit
The type of shit that you don't have to ask who produced it
You just know - that's the new shit
The type of shit that causes mass confusion
and drastic movement of people actin stupid

[Proof]
Just bring who you gon bring on
Who you gon swing on?
I'm King Kong
Guns blow you to king-dom come
Machine gun funk
Sixteen M-16's
One pump (click clack)
Snub in my palm
Shove it in your jaws
Have you runnin out this fuckin club in your drawls
We lovin the brawls, it's nothin to applaud
But fuck it it's all good
The hood is up in this song
It's fight music

[Swifty]
I'm a nigga that love scuffles
And won't hesitate to sock you again with swollen knuckles
I'm like that
Catch a nigga like bear traps
Blow his head back right in front of the precient
"Ya hear that?"
I slap your freak
Bump you and won't speak
If you step on my feet
You get drowned in your own drink
I suffocated my shrink just for talkin
Came back and fucked up his pall bearers
And made them drop his coffin
It's fight music!

[Kuniva]
These bees I'm swingin is stingin em
See all these niggaz?
When I step in the club I'm bringin em
And any nigga lookin too hard
We Rodney King'n em
Malice Green to them
And gasoline'n em with premium
Light a cigarette flick it at em or spit it at em
Hold up a picture of his family and kick it at him
Blast while you right hookin
Right when your wife's lookin
Fuck fight music bitch
This is losin your life music

[Eminem]
If I could capture the rage
Of today's youth and bottle it
Crush the glass with my bare hands and swallow it
And spit it back in the faces of you racists
And hypocrites who think the same shit but don't say shit
You Liberachys, Versaces and you Nazi's watch me
Because you think you've got me in this hot seat
You motherfuckers wanna judge me cuz you're not me
You'll never stop me
I'm top speed and you pop me
I came to save these new generations of babies
From parents who failed to raise them cuz they're lazy
So they grow to praise me, cuz I'm makin em go crazy
That's how I got this whole nation to embrace me
And you fugazy if you think I'm a admit wrong
I'll cripple any hypocritic critic I'm sicked on
And this song is for any kid who get's picked on
A sick song to retaliate to and it's called

[Chorus: Eminem]
This kind of music, use it, and you get amped to do shit
Whenever you hear some shit and you can't refuse it
It's just some shit, for these kids, to trash they rooms with
Just refuse whenever they asked to do shit
The type of shit that you don't have to ask who produced it
You just know - that's the new shit
The type of shit that causes mass confusion
and drastic movement of people actin stupid

IT'S FIGHT MUSIC!
Layzie
East 1999 my niggas!
Think about back in the days when the year was '89. Little nigga on the grind, gotta get mine, doin' my crime with 2 in here, steady stackin' my ends, put my serve down on the Clair 9-9. Hittin' up the Graveyard Shift with Real, Little Will, Big Wally, and Wish Bone. Little Wally highrollers, and he wonder why niggas so strong. Krayzie Bone, stack, Rod J--much love, kept a nigga on his toes in the game. It's an everyday thang, when you let your nuts hang, gotta make a grand at least daily, man. Them Cleveland hustlas, never no bustas. Thug to the heartbeat of niggas from the Land fool, and the old school. Just serve out your sentence and be cool. Fuckin' with trues. Rest In Peace, little nigga Ripsta, stressed that Bone love. Smokin' on bud, 'cause a nigga Mo Thug callin' all my niggas when it's time to nut 'em. In the 9-9, haters gonna drop to the #1 with the gun, so run run. Cleveland is the city where a nigga come from, slangin' them dum-dums.

Krayzie
Niggas it's goin' down, up in the C-Town. Get 'em up with the thug (thug) and that nigga with the bud (bud). Get the fifth of Rose, but the liquor store closed and I'm all out the forty. Raise up, nigga. Burn up the buddah, smoke it all up. Nigga, don't stiff on the reefer. Mo! runnin' up outta the cut with this fresh sack of hydro, and this shit is creeper. Peep the street, bust again on Double Glock-glock with-ah-me rocks. Cops sweatin' me block. Copper better drop when the gunshot pop, blood, dumpin' the body and the bullshit stop. Whenever the trouble knocks with the po-po, niggas roll solo, split up, and swerve. Krayzie take caution. Take all my llello and tossed it. See none when they roll to the curb. Runnin', duckin', jumpin' up in the Land. My niggas, it's crazy. We slang and we buck and we bang on the Glock and my nigga, that's daily. Who the nigga with the twelve gauge? [Pump.] It's Mr. Sawed-off Leathaface, so you better pray. Eternally thugsta. East 1999 where (???).

Bizzy
Gotta give P's to them SCT's! and I roll, big thug on the Glock. Pump, blast for the cash, then I'll mash the gas, gotta dash away from them cops. Got Lil' Mo! Hart steadily flippin' off Rose. Rippin' up flesh with six blows. Rest, that thugsta, yes, I pump slugs, and I be druggin' 'em off in dumpsters. Fuck them po-po. Lightin' they bodies--they burn, burn. And I guess that hood'll never learn. Gotta dip both them ones in sherm. When I 'm on a mission for my city, bigger niggas be bailin' out with me. Roll up the window. The wind blow, fuckin' my indo, why that hittin' me? Even though the barrels of me twelve gauge are empty, me scandalous niggas up outta the woods, buckin', no fuckin' with the family. Now feel a nigga, understand me. Much love, much buck for them St. Clair thugs. East 99 is where you find me slangin' me muthafuckin' drugs.

Flesh
Done-done, leavin' the niggas stunned, cock &amp;amp;amp; pop with-ah-me gun. They lettin' me leadin' they head off, and I gotsta have me fun, leavin' 'em hung. Breakin', fakin' you studio-gangsta bitch! Trick niggas they get picked. I'm hittin' the shit, and I split in the midst of the darkness. Consider me heartless. Oh, yes Flesh be runnin' a ho check. Better check your Rolex, your time now for givin' up respect to them SCT's from C-L-E. We're scandalous niggas that dwell, hail off on the far side, and bail leavin' the trail of the bloody victims. The fifth thug maulin' 'em all, and never they'll catch me slippin'. And sippin' a fifth of that wine, and nigga me dyin', and steadily trippin'. We flippin' the scripts on over. See the Bone'll be never sober. Niggas told you, triggers showed you. East 9-9. Five soldiers.

Wish
Murder one, redrum! Try to run and get away, but it's just too late. Watch out buckshots, when I come, buck-buck, better guard that fuckin' face! Dumpin' them slugs on you, fool. Rollin' with me trues, drinkin' brews. Don't start no shit. We come equipped, so niggas, stay cool. One-eighty-seven, you think that you're goin' to Heaven, put slugs all up in that chest, under hell is where you'll be dwellin'. Pop in them clip and them bodies me dumpin', watchin' you fall to the pave with me 9-milli pumpin'. Puttin' them bodies all off in them graves.


Wish [Layzie &amp;amp;amp; Krayzie]

Cleveland is the city where we come from, so run, run. [run] [*4]
[East 99] East nineteen ninety-ninety nine nine nine nine [*8]
''Yo, remember back on the bully when cats used to harmonized like
"Wooo... wooo... wooo..."
Yo, yo, my men and my women, don't forget about the ding
This is not the muster king
It's about a thing
Yo, yo, yo, if you feel real good, lift your hands up in the air
And lick two shots in the atmosphere''
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah


It's been three weeks since you were looking for your friend
The one you let hit it and never called you again
'Member when he told you he was about the benjamins?
You act like you and him
Then give him a little trim
To begin
How you think you really goin' to pretend
Like you wasn't down and you called him again?
Plus when
You give it up so easy you ain't even foolin' him
If you did it then, then you'd probably do it again
Talking out your neck, saying you're a Christian
A Muslim sleeping with the gin
Now that was the sin
That did Jezebel in
Who're you going to tell
When the repercussions spin?
Showing off your ass 'cause you're thinking it's a trend
Girlfriend
Let me break it down for you again
You know I only say it 'cause I'm truly genuine
Don't be a hard rock, when you really are a gem
Baby girl, respect is just a minimum
Nigga's fucked up and you still defending him
Now, Lauryn is only human
Don't think I haven't been through the same predicament
Let it sit inside your head like a million women in Philly, Penn
It's silly when girls sell their souls because of sin
Look at what you be in
Hair weaves like Europeans
Fake nails done by Koreans
Come again
Yo! A-When when come again! (Yeah-Yeah!)
When when come again!! (Yeah-Yeah!)
My friend come again!!! (Yeah-Yeah!)


Guys you know you'd better, watch out (Watch out!)
Some girls, some girls are only, about (About!)
That thing, that thing, that thing! (Thing!)
That thing, that thing, that thing! (Thing!)


The second verse is dedicated to the men
More concerned with his rims and his Tim's than his women
Him and his men, come in the club like hooligans
Don't care who they offend
Popping yin (Like you got Yen)
Let's stop pretend, the ones that pack pistols by the waist men
Cristall by the case men, still living in his Mother's basement
The pretty face men claiming that they be the "big men."
Need to take care of their three and four kids
But they face a court case when the child support's late
Money taking and heart breaking
Now you wonder why women hate men
The sneaky silent men
The punk domestic violence men
Quick to shoot the semen, stop acting like boys and be men!
How you gonna win, when you ain't right within?!
How you gonna win, when you ain't right within?!
How you gonna win, when you ain't right within?!
Unh-Unhh Come Again!
Yo-Yo Come Again!
bredrin come again!
Sit straight come again!

Watch out, watch out
Look out, look out
Watch out, watch out
Look out, look out
Watch out, watch out
Look out, look out
Watch out, watch out
Look out, look out


Girls you know you'd better, watch out (Watch out!)
Some guys, some guys are only about (About!)
That thing, that thing, that thing! (Thing!)
That thing, that thing, that thing! (Thing!)

Guys you know you'd better, watch out (Watch out!)
Some girls, some girls are only, about (About!)
That thing, that thing, that thing! (Thing!)
That thing, that thing, that thing! (Thing!)
Yeah, yeah..
Murda, murda, murda, kill, kill, kill
Murda, murda, murda, kill, kill, kill (I'm going to kill [echoes])

[Verse One: Method Man]

Slowly I turn, step by step
Through the backwindow, I crept
Silent as a mouse on a set
While everybody in the house slept,
I disconnect the phones and the rest
Find a butcherknife
Cut the power lines to the lights
Now a nigga wild for the night
I come like the living death, straight from the dirt
Back to avenge his own death on this earth
Ever heard of Jason, then you know my work
Down to the basement, the dog get it first
I can't help myself, my thoughts ain't my own
The voices in my head just won't leave me alone
Murda, murda, murda, kill, kill, kill
Pissing on the car seats, flattenin' the wheels
So there's no escape from the fate that awaits
No one to witness the horror taking place
Yeah, now I'm on my way up the stairs
To the bedroom on my prey unaware
Heads will be hung from the chimney with care
With hopes that the police soon will be here
I'm a killer!

[Verse Two: Redman]

Yo, yo
Fuck knocking, kick the door, evict the four
Yell out: "It's a stickup, hit the floor!"
You fish cake niggas, stay Lipton off
Did your mama name you, or Mrs. Paul's
Battle in session, what's up with it?
I talk like I walk with a fucked up pivot
Niggas scream out: "It's just us bitches!"
Don't shoot, out the phonebooth
I aim at your party, hit the wrong group
"Happy birth..." ow, ow, ow, ow
Niggas done snap, runnin' hunch back
Ducking, brick walls, get thumbtacked
So run laps, for I body you
Bust out the size, like karate shoes, Doc
Turn velcro, when night falls
Central park joggers, wear bright clothes
Tae bo, five flo's
Lizard, Centipede, Snake
I'm a killer!

Cereal, cereal killer (This is the sound of a cow: Howl)
Cereal, cereal killer

[Verse Three: Redman]

Yo, yo
I walk on backs like Mr. Bentley,
After p-p-p strips you empty
Gather around, for rapid sound
Fourth of July was three months ago, shoulda pad 'em down
No one will fold both thumbs
and eight fingers to square with Joe Young
Tongue below one, spit dumb, moron
For white boys to snowboard on
So whatchu, whatchu, whatchu want?
Chew spearmint gum two double pump
Two cannons, piece by piece
Your school get dazed like G by G
Murda, murda, murda, kill, kill, kill
Take nuts and screws out ferris wheels
If you ain't Missy, payin' no bills
Body, you and supermarket, no thrills

Murda, murda, murda, kill, kill, kill
Murda, murda, murda, kill, kill, kill (Cereal, cereal killer)

[Verse Four: Method Man]

Doc hold my coat, I'm 'bout to go low
Titanic MC rock the boat meth
Tone deaf rhyme, microphone sex line
Next time don't forget the TEC-9
Step, Five digital, context is critical
Bomb threat these individiuals thats on deck
So you the illest nigga in Nebraska? Hell naw
It's the master, number sixteen, party crasher, Flex
I think too much, I drink too much
My crew don't really give two fucks, about you ducks
We over here Shaolin
What, spontaneous combust when I smoke a bag of dust
Ahh what a rush, cigar be the dutch
Method Man and Redman, Starsky and Hutch
I crush MC's
Can't trust niggas, niggas can't trust me
I'm a killer!
[Planet]
In my historical oracle
I blast metaphorical
editorials educating
in my territorial get torn
heavily armed with seventy bombs
that'll blast devine like the heavenly song
Your men'll be gone
if they explore my deepest thoughts
i beat hearts in 2 then ask demons for chalk
I'm dreaming a stalk
MCees in the dark I walk
Blindfolded the mines golded
Watch how you talk
My styles is an art
Recognize lycially purity
All hell breaks loose like a mall with no security
The dopest vocalist
with my third eye, I focus with
I proceed, flow with the speed of an INDY motorist
There's more of this than wasted
Shiny chains and braclets
I hit tracks my toungue weigh
for the brains to blaze in
Amazin angelic, tell it to your people
"Your mic and my mic, come on yo!... no equal"

[chorus]x2

Illedelph is like the sun cuz we shine with rhymes
Underground is like the moon you only see us at times
and at times with light skies when the stars recline
Jedi Mind, Outerspace, coincide to combine

[Jus Allah]
Raw poems, bury your body in catacombs
rip your soul from your limbs
like brims from Jip Jones
In the Twilight Zone we disperse cowards
Vampires that stalk earth on reversed hours
Nite cause we talk a different song
My latitude is God darts out my jaw
leave eternal scars
You left breathing out of tubes
Straws by the marksman, harnessin
Science for the marvelous and the charlatan
Raps will make your parallax
My domain has power to block synapses I daze
War shots fight of by the army type warlock
Devil's Plan is to have you drip in the Clorox
Beast deceiving us ways devious possessing
My peeps to walk streets with stolen heat like Prometheus
Elements rushin you back to hell again
Illadelphians crush your skeleton into fuckin gelatin

Chorus

[Ikon the Verbal Hologram]
Dont ever come at me with war
I'm seven scores of orators
rappers fall onto all fours like minotaurs
with Jedi Mind and the planetary we bombin this
we stand one step above you like a pharmacists
with all in this detonate the bomb
Heads dread hallucinogenics in Vietnam
I spit a song create bombs like an Iraqi
Swear on the bible and the lines of Ecclesiastes

[Planet]
Assault and battery

[Ikon the Verbal Halogen]
Battle me that'll be what splits you
Store enormous amounts of energy in a crystal
we boa constrict you
The gods are militant
You faggots couldn't go the length
like you was impotent, you ignorant
Your whole click is split in half
You step in allah's path, and face the lords wrath, WHAT

[chorus] 2X
(Verse 1)

Deep concentration, mental penetration
Hits me off the paranormal psychic information
Imagine every b-boy and girl in third world nations
Unite become one through pure hip-hop meditation
Watch me closely, I separate the spiritual from the ghostly
Tap the Emperor get struck down like Obi Wan Kenobi
I am hip-hop so hold me, but no one had ever told me
That corporate America would attempt to over-throw me
Secretly plant and grow me, light me up and then smoke me
Got you thinking your the Godfather like Vito Corleone
As an underground artist my days and nights below me
Signing a contract like King Salo, now everybody knows me
Righteousness oppose me, wicked women don't approach me
I am a player-hater so ??? Nelson couldn't coach me
I flipped animalistic's, and the critics tried to poach me
Turned a crew of battle-cats into pussy-cats like Josie
Oh don't play me closely, it's the music that controls me
Hip-hop is mother earth and in my infancy she holds me
Single parent see single handily shape and hold me
When they tried to enslave me she train me how to set my soul free
Bounty Hunters capture me, in carbonate they froze me
I am the Dark Oder my two sons are Thor and Ockie
In the beginning there was the word and in the sentence hip-hop wrote me
If you're brave enough to meditate then come along and show me!


(Verse 2)

I'm an extra-terrestrial emcee, and I know some are doubting me
Like Han Solo fighting style, like awe Millennium Falcon me
I change shapes and mind states through the use of mental alchemy
I climbed the Tower of Babylon and through rappers of the balcony
My culture showers me, the microphone overpowers me
Separates me from rappers who use actions that are cowardly
That's how it be, hip-hop amazes me worships, praises me
Resembles favours me, allows me many ways to freak
Seven styles for seven days a week
Allows me to transform like soundwave and give up more tapes than Laser Beak
The things you see in life hip-hop provides you, over-rides you
Let the spirit of hip-hop get up inside you
There was a shoulder to lead on, but I had the one to cry to
Help me pick up the pieces made me hot enough to fly through
Tried to fly through, jacking me for my faculty
Half of these emcees get lost in space like Dr. Zachary
I jetted for the goal-line A and R's kept trying to tackle me
Sacked me and grappled me, I was the righteous of an athlete
At first I was alone now there's a 1000 kids that backing me
Finally got a deal and now the CIA are tracking me
I didn't mean to do it socialism just came naturally
I think it's time to meditate, my sentiments exactly


(Verse 3)

In the world filled with petulance and hatred
Some say we'll be rescued by spaceships
I stay away from crooks and study books by the ages
When the world gets to crazy hip-hop helps me escape it
No gravity I am weightless, broke from poverty to greatness
I create this and built this, kid rackets smelt the fragrance
One love, One blood I got rhymes buried in my platelage
You can state this, crease this, place this with emphasis
Now enter this, take shots like Islamic fundamentalists
Degenerate rappers I'm smashing attackin' with a passion
A-and-R-bashin', ripping lyrics built on fashion
Now imagine you just won a trip around my way
Full transportation all expenses paid
I've never been a player just the one who got played
Now my style kills more kids then Rouge versus Wade
Don't be afraid to join us on this hip-hop meditation
Where you encounter evil spirits, release hip-hop and let it chase them
And place them over here, forget the clothes that you be wearing
My style is matter free, I'm free but don't you go comparing
Your weekly shopping-sprees versus my bargain basement shopping
Your religion versus my black magic concoction
Tae-quando and boxing, moving soldiers to my locksmith
Your biodegradable rhymes to my lethal toxin
Rhyming is a gift and not an option
I gave birth to more styles then half you emcees got through adoption
Be careful of the lyrics and the rhymes that you be dropping
Cause while we meditate the whole universe is watching
[Verse 1]

Crip niggaz, Blood niggaz, Essay's, Asians,
Dominicans, Puerto Ricans, White Boyz, Jamaicans,
Latin Kingz, Disciples, Vicelords, Hatians,
All these mutha fuckas been patiently waiting,
Since the west coast fell off the steets been watchin,
The west coast neva fell off i was asleep in Compton,
Aftermath been here the beats been knockin,
Nate Dogg doin his thing DPG still poppin,
I got California love fuckin bitches to that Pac shit,
And westside connection been had it locked bitch,
I'm in the rear view my guns is cockin,
I'll put red dots on that nigga head like rodman,
All stars, phat laces, gun charge, court cases,
Faught that, not guilty im back,
Niggas hate me been there, done that, sold crack,
Got jacked, got shot, came back jumped on Dre's back, payback,
Homie i'll bring ur CA back,
And i dont do button up shirts or drive Maybacks,
All u old record labels tryin to advance,
Aftermath bitch take it like a mutha fuckin man,

[chorus x2]

If you take a look in my eyes,
You see i'll be a gangsta till I die,
That California chronic got me so high,
Game tell them where your from,
Nigga westside!

[Verse 2]

I'm lowridin homie, 6 Tre impala,
Gold d spinnin, chrome hydraulics
Run up on my low-low you stop breathin,
Hollow tips make niggas dissappear like houdini,
Gang bangin is real,
Homie im livin proof like Snoop Dogg C-Walkin on top of da devils roof,
Rap critics wanna converse, about this and that,
Cuz red strings in this converse and this a Dre track,
Keep jibberin jabberin i'll pull a .38 magnum,
And get the clickin and clackin,
You'll homies will wanna kno what happened,
Come to Compton and see thriller like Mike Jackson,
I might be Spike Lee, of this gun clappin,
Prior to rappin I was drug traffic, and
In the dope spot playin John Madden,
Homie I aint braggin, I took five,
If u wanna die run up on that black 745

[chorus x2]

[Verse 3]

New York New York, big city of dreams,
I got my L.A Dodger fitted on im doin my thing,
Got me fuckin wit G-Unit you kno the drama that bring,
I got niggas in Westside Compton and Southside Queens,
And Buck told me in Cashville I'm good when I come through,
So i don't gotta tuck in my chain like DJ Poo,
I'm gangsta more like Deebo when he was Zeus,
Play bishop I paint that picture now who got the juice,
You niggas is nuts so, i take off ur roof,
Leave your ass steched out like a Cadilac Coupe,
God gotta let me in heaven all the shit I been through,
I was an OG in the hood before i truned 22,
Homie I'll let the .38 special rip through that vest,
And I don't contemplate whether or not he left that shit on the dresser,
Got Compton on my back,
Im startin to feel the pressure,
I'm lyrically Kool G. Rap on these Dre Records

[chorus x2]
Ah yeah, yo!
This song is dedicated to all the happy people
All the happy people who have real nice lives
And who have no idea whats it like to be broke as fuck

Verse One:

I feel like I'm walking a tight rope, without a circus net
I'm popping perkasets, I'm a nervous wreck
I deserve respect; but I work a sweat for this worthless check
Bout to burst this tech, at somebody to reverse this debt
Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged
Full of venom and rage
Especially when I'm engaged
And my daughter's down to her last diaper
That's got my ass hyper
I pray that god answers, maybe I'll ask nicer
Watching ballers while they flossing in their pathfinders
These overnight stars becoming autograph signers
We'll all gone blow up and leave the past behind us
Along with the small fry's and average half pinters
While playa haters turn bitch like they have vaginas
Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us
Money will brainwash you and leave your ass mindless
Snakes slither in the grass spineless

Chorus: repeat 2X

That's Rock Bottom
When this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's Rock Bottom
When you want something bad enough to steal
That's Rock Bottom
When you feel like you've had it up to here
Cause you mad enough to scream but you sad enough to tear

Verse Two:

My life is full of empty promises
And broken dreams
I'm hoping things will look up
But there ain't no job openings
I feel discouraged hungry and malnourished
Living in this house with no furnace, unfurnished
And I'm sick of working dead end jobs with lame pay
And I'm tired of being hired and fired the same day
But fuck it, if you know the rules to the game play
Cause when we die we know were all going the same way
It's cool to be the player, but it sucks to be the fan
When all you need is bucks to be the man
Plus a luxury sedan
Too comfortable and roomy in a six
They threw me in the mix
With all these gloomy lunatics
Walk around depressed
And smoke a pound of ses a day
And yesterday went by so quick it seems like it was just today
My daughter wants to throw the ball but I'm too stressed to play
Live half my life and throw the rest away

Chorus: repeat 2X

That's Rock Bottom
When this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's Rock Bottom
When you want something bad enough to steal
That's Rock Bottom
When you feel like you've had it up to here
Cause you mad enough to scream but you sad enough to tear

Verse Three:

There's people that love me and people that hate me
But it's the evil that made me this backstabbing, deceitful, and shady
I want the money, the women, the fortune, and the fame
That Means I'll end up burning in hell scorching in flames
That means I'm stealing your checkbook and forging your name
Lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain
Right now I feel like just hit the rock bottom
I got problems now everybody on my blocks got 'em
I'm screaming like those two cops when 2pac shot 'em
Holding two glocks, I hope your doors got new locks on 'em
My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or sock's on 'em
And them rings you wearing look like they got a few rocks on 'em
And while you flaunting them I could be taking them to shops to pawn them
I got a couple of rings and a brand new watch you want 'em?
Cause I never went gold of one song
I'm running up on someone's lawns with guns drawn

Chorus: repeat 2X

That's Rock Bottom
When this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's Rock Bottom
When you want something bad enough to steal
That's Rock Bottom
When you feel like you've had it up to here
Cause you mad enough to scream but you sad enough to tear
Well I'm an alley cat
Some say a dirty rat
On my side is my gat
See I'm all of that
Spittin' out buck shots, for I'm gonna wetcha
Running hard, but I'm still coming to getcha
Thinking like a peace smoke, comin' on a homicide
You talkin' shit, try to take me for a ride
I'm not a bad guy
But I'm the funky feel one
Finger on the trigger with my hands upon the steel
Lettin' out a bullet, this is going boo-ya
You're stuck in my hood, so what ya gonna do now?
Being the hunted one is no fun
Here I come son
Yo I think you better run
Better run more, and move a little faster
Second of thought and I'm coming to blast ya
With my

Sawed off shotgun, hand on the pump
left hand on a forty, puffin' on a blunt
Pumped my shotgun, niggas didn't jump
Lala la la lala la laaaa

Comin' at you like a stiff blow, fuckin' up your program
Ain't takin' shit from you him or no man
Master mind maniac and a menace
Oh, how they want to pass a sentence
All because a nigga tried to play me on the trigger
He missed
So now the nigga's hist'
Rude and crude like a pitbull
Get to the point, your fuckin' going to get pulled

Now, I'm headed up the river with a boat and no paddle
And I'm handin' out beatdowns
I'm headed up the river with a boat and no paddle
And I'm handin' out beatdowns
Get your face down!

Put me in chains
Try to beat my brains
I can get out, but the grudge remains
When I see ya punk ass, I'm gonna get ya

Gatt ya
Fucking do ya
Shotgun goes boo-ya!

Sawed off shotgun, hand on the pump
left hand on a forty, puffin' on a blunt
Pumped my shotgun, niggas didn't jump
Lala la la lala la laaaa

Kickin' that funky Cypress Hill shit,
Think I'll light another for the blunted to chill with
'Cause I'm the chill one
Known to get ill when
They stepped to the Hill
'What's up?', I had to kill one

Now I'm headed up the river with a boat and no paddle
And they got me on lock down
Headed up the river with a boat and no paddle
And they got me on lock down
Livin' like a nigga who done lost his mind
'Cause I ain't goin out like a spineless jellyfish
Some say life is a bitch
Ask that punk who dug his own ditch
Up on the Hill fuckin' up at a party
Tried to get funny, put a hole in his body
Lala la la lala la laa
Look at all of those funeral cars
'Cause I'm a

Sawed off shotgun, hand on the pump
left hand on a forty, puffin' on a blunt
Pumped my shotgun, niggas didn't jump
Lala la la lala la laaaa
Come sail your ships around me
And burn your bridges down
We make a little history, baby
Every time you come around

Come loose your dogs upon me
And let your hair hang down
You are a little mystery to me
Every time you come around

We talk about it all night long
We define our moral ground
But when I crawl into your arms
Everything comes tumbling down

Come sail your ships around me
And burn your bridges down
We make a little history, baby
Every time you come around

Your face has fallen sad now
For you know the time is nigh
When I must remove your wings
And you, you must try to fly

Come sail your ships around me
And burn your bridges down
We make a little history, baby
Every time you come around

Come loose your dogs upon me
And let your hair hang down
You are a little mystery to me
Every time you come around
The Beat goes on -
(originally by the Buddy Rich Band)

Drums keep poundin a rhythym to the brain
laigadadeee laigadadaa

Charles ???? was once a rage aha
history has banned that stage aha
the mini skirts' the current thing aha
Tini Bopper is our new born king aha
And the beat goes on
And the beat goes on

Drums keep poundin a rhythym to the brain
laigadadeee laigadadaa

Grocery store is a super mart aha
Little girls still break their hearts aha
Men still keep on marching off the war
Electrically they keep their base ball score
And the beat goes on
And the beat goes on

Drums keep poundin a rhythym to the brain
laigadadeee ligadadaa
Hey, yeah - I wanna shoop, baby

[Oooo, how you doin', baby?
No, not you
You, the bow-legged one, (ha-ha) yeah
What's your name?
Damn, that sounds sexy]

Here I go, here I go, here I go again (again?)
Girls, what's my weakness? (Men!)
Ok then, chillin', chillin', mindin' my business (word)
Yo, Salt, I looked around, and I couldn't believe this
I swear, I stared, my niece my witness
The brother had it goin' on with somethin' kinda...uh
Wicked, wicked (oooo) - had to kick it
I'm not shy so I asked for the digits
A ho? No, that don't make me
See what I want slip slide to it swifty
Felt it in my hips so I dipped back to my bag of tricks
Then I flipped for a tip, make me wanna do tricks for him
Lick him like a lollipop should be licked
Came to my senses and I chilled for a bit
Don't know how you do the voodoo that you do
So well it's a spell, hell, makes me wanna shoop shoop shoop

Shoop shoop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop

Ummm, you're packed and you're stacked 'specially in the back
Brother, wanna thank your mother for a butt like that (thanks, Mom)
Can I get some fries with that shake-shake booty?
If looks could kill you would be an uzi
You're a shotgun - bang! What's up with that thang?
I wanna know how does it hang?
Straight up, wait up, hold up, Mr. Lover
Like Prince said you're a sexy mutha-
Well-a, I like 'em real wild, b-boy style by the mile
Smooth black skin with a smile
Bright as the sun, I wanna have some fun
Come (come) and (hmmm) give me some of that yum-yum
Chocolate chip, honey dip, can I get a scoop? (please)
Baby, take a ride in my coupe, you make me wanna...

Shoop shoop ba-doop (Baby, hey)
Shoop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop
Shoop shoop ba-doop (Don't you know I wanna shoop, baby)
Shoop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop

Well let me bring you back to the subject, Pep's on the set
Make you get hot, make you work up a sweat
When you skip-to-my-lou, my darling
Not falling in love but I'm falling for your [super sperm]
When I get ya betcha bottom dollar you were best under pressure
[Yo, Sandy, I wanna like, taste you]
Getcha getcha lips wet cuz it's time to have Pep

On your mark, get set, go, let me go, let me shoop
To the next man in the three-piece suit
I spend all my dough, ray me, cutie
Shoop shoop a-doobie like Scoobie Doobie Doo
I love you in your big jeans, you give me nice dreams
You make me wanna scream, &amp;amp;quot;Oooo, oooo, oooo!&amp;amp;quot;
I like what ya do when you do what ya do
You make me wanna shoop

Shoop shoop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop
Shoop shoop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop

[Oh, my goodness, girl, look at him
He's the cutest brother in here
And he's comin' this way! Oooo!]

S and the P wanna kick with me, cool (uh-huh)
But I'm wicked, G, (yeah) hit skins but never quickly (that's right)
I hit the skins for the hell of it, just for the yell I get
Mmm mmm mmm, for the smell of it (smell it)
They want my bod, here's the hot rod (hot rod)
Twelve inches to a yard (damn) and have ya soundin' like a retard (yeah)
Big 'Twan Love-Her, six-two, wanna hit you
So what you wanna do?
What you wanna do?
Mmmm, I wanna shoop

Shoop shoop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop
Shoop shoop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop
Shoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doop

Oh, you make me wanna shoop
Hey yeah, I wanna shoop, baby
All the leaves are brown and the sky is gray
I've been for a walk on a winter's day
I'd be safe and warm if I was in L.A.
California dreamin' on such a winter's day

Stopped in to a church I passed along the way
Well I got down on my knees and I pretend to pray
You know the preacher liked the cold
He knows I'm gonna stay
California dreamin' on such a winter's day

California dreamin' on such a winter's...
California dreamin' on such a winter's...
California dreamin' on such a winter's day...

All the leaves are brown and the sky is gray
I've been for a walk on a winter's day
If I didn't tell her I could leave today
California dreamin' on such a winter's day

California dreamin' on such a winter's...
California dreamin' on such a winter's...
California dreamin' on such a winter's day...

On such a winter's day...

California dreamin' on such a winter's...
California dreamin' on such a winter's...
California dreamin' on such a winter's day...

California dreamin' on such a winter's day...
Chorus:]
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki

[Birdman]
Yeah, hustlin on my city streets
Tryna get a whole ki [i bought my frist ki, my first ki]
In 93 and we was gettin 'em like for 25
Columbian connect, homey we was gettin fly
We on the grind and our nuts got bigga
And every day we in the muthafuckin hood our guns got bigga
Stuntin on them niggas, gettin money stayin fly every day a nigga spendin
Ridin 25s and we blazin gettin high, nigga showin off his ride
Crusin through the beach nigga rollin in them bimmers
Them people pull me over hatin cause they can't see us
Know i got the money [laws won't leave me alone]
Now they actin funny cuz they know a nigga strong
Money long and we comin

I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha [cooked it up myself and started ...]
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha [cooked it up myself and started ...]

[Lil Wayne]
I ain't have to touch a piece of work since '94
I lost my daddy in '96 and started makin moves
In '98 [i got a brand new lexus coupe]
[now them laws won't leave me alone]
They pull me over, lock me up, i bail out on my own
I call my poppa on the phone, tell him cook up a zone
I leave a house with a pocket full of stones
Got them hoes slangin, hidin packs in they titties
Them small chest bitches gotta put it in they butt
[20s in them they can't fuck wit us]
I got so many hoes
[it's to the flow or i don't see, don't know]
[now they won't leave me alone]
Man i got so much dough
[it's to the flow or i don't see, don't know]
[now they won't leave me alone]
Weezy baby d boy

[Chorus:]
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha [cooked it up myself and started ...]
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha [cooked it up myself and started ...]

[Birdman]
And i ain't touch a mothafuckin ki since '04
And thats the word that we servin, look thats all we know
Them niggas talkin shit but we the niggas wit the cash flo'
[i still smoke that weed, smoke that smoke that smoke that weed]
And i'm back on the beach and we blowin out the whole beat
My ak mack eleven represent the 3
Gangsta like a mothafucka me and my homies

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, my nigga rabbit was a og
My momma husband thats what show me [my first ki]
Yup, then you know i had to be a hustla
I started sellin hubbers
Well here's how it started
Heard you on the radio
Talkin' 'bout rap
Sayin' all that crap about how we sample
Given examples
Think we'll let you get away with that?
You critizie our method of how we make records
you said it wasn't art, so now we're gonna rip you apart
Stop, check it out my man
This is the music of a hip-hop band
Jazz, well you can call it that
But this jazz retains a new format
Point, where you misjudged us
Speculated, created a fuss
You've made the same mistake politicians have
Talkin' all that jazz

Talk, well I heard talk is cheap
But like beauty, talk is just skin deep
And when you lie and you talk alot
People tell you to step off alot
You see, you misunderstood
A sample is a tactic
A portion of my method, a tool
In fact it's only of importance when I make it a priority
And what we sample of, is the majority
But you are a minority, in terms of thought
Narrow minded and poorly taught
About hip-hop, playin' all the silly games
You erase my music, so no one can use it
Step on us and we'll step on you
Can't have your cake and eat it too
Talkin' all that jazz

Lies, that's when you hide the truth
It's when you talk more jazz than proof
And when you lie and address something you don't know
It's so whack that it's bound to show
When you lie about me and the band we get angry
We'll bite our pen, start writin' again
And the things we write are always true
Suckers, get a grip, now we talkin' 'bout you
Seems to me that you have a problem
So we can see what we can do to solve them
Think rap is a fad? you must be mad
'Cause we're so bad we get respect you never had
Tell the truth, James Brown was old
'Til Eric and Rakim came out with &amp;quot;I Got Soul&amp;quot;
Rap brings back old R&amp;amp;B
And if we would not, people could've forgot
We wanna make this perfectly clear
We're talented and strong and have no fear
Of those who choose to judge but lack pizazz
Talkin' all that jazz

Now we're not tryin' to be a boss to you
We just wanna get across to you
That if you're talkin' jazz, the situation is a no-win
You might even get hurt, my friend
Stetsasonic, the hip-hop band
Like Sly and the Family Stone, we will stand
Up for the music we live and play
And for the song we sing today
For now, let us set the record straight
And later on we'll have an informal and a formal debate
But it's important you remember, though
What you reap is what you sew
Talkin' all that jazz

Talkin' all that jazz
Talkin' all that jazz
[Chorus: Dove - De La Soul]
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand
New York, NJ, N.C., VA
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand
Oaktown, L.A., San Fran, St. John

[Q-Tip]
People give your ears so I be sublime
It's enjoyable to know you and the concubine
Niggaz, take off your coats ladies, act liike gems
Sit down, Indian style, as we recite these hymns
See, lyrically I'm Mario Andretti on the mo-mo
Ludicrously speedy, or infectious with the slow-mo
Heard me in the eighties, J Beez on the promo
On my never endin quest to get the paper on the caper
But now, let me take it to the Queens side
I'm takin it to Brooklyn side
All the residential Questers to invade the way
Hold up a second son, cuz we almost there
You can be a black man and lose all your soul
You can be white and blue but don't crap the roll
See my shit is universal, if you got knowledge and dolo
Of delf for self, see there's no one else
Who can drop it on the angle, acute at that
So, do that, do that, do do that that that(come on)
Do that, do that, do do that that that(OK)
Do that, do that, do do that that that
I'm buggin out, so let me get back cuz I'm wettin niggaz
So run and tell the others cuz we are the brothas
I learned how to build mics in my workshop class
So give me this award, and let's not make it the last

[Chorus: Dove]
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand
Chinatown, Spokane, London, Tokyo
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand
Houston, Delaware, DC, Dallas

[Phife]
Back in '89, I simply slid into place
Buddy, buddy, buddy all up in your face
A lot of kids was bustin rhymes but they had no taste
Some said Quest was wack, but now is that the case
I have a quest to have the mic in my hand
Without that, it's like Kryptonite and Superman
So Shaheed come in with the sugar cuts
Phife Dawg's my name, but on stage, call me Dynomutt
When was the last time you heard the Phifer sloppy
Lyrics anonymous, you'll never hear me copy
Top notch baby, never comin less
Sky's the limit, you gots to believe up in Quest
Sit back , relax, get up out the path
If not that, here's the dancefloor, come move that ass
Non-believers, you can the steps
I roll with Shaheed and the brotha Abstract
Niggaz know the time when the Quest is in the jam
I never let a statue tell me how nice I am
Comin with more hits than the Braves and the Yankees
Livin mad phat like an over sized Bam-bi
The wackest crews try to dis, it makes me laugh
When my track record's longer than a DC-20 aircraft
So, next time that you think you want somethin here
Make somethin deffer, take that garbage to St. Elsewhere

[Chorus: Dove]
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand
S.C., Maryland, New Orleans, Motown
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand
Chinatown, Spokane, London, Tokyo
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand
Houston, Delaware, DC, Dallas
We on Award Tour with Muhammad my man
Goin each and every place with the mic in their hand
New York, NJ, N.C., VA
Rhiannon rings like a bell through the night and would you love to love her
Takes through the sky like a bird in flight
And who will be her lover

All your life you've never seen
A woman taken by the wind
Would you stay if she promised you heaven
Will you ever win

She is like a cat in the dark and then
She is the darkness
She rules her life like a fine skylark
And when the sky is starless

All your life you've never seen
A woman taken by the wind
Would you stay if she promised you heaven
Will you ever win
Will you ever win

Rhiannon

Rhiannon

Rhiannon

Rhiannon

She rings like a bell through the night
And would you love to love her
She rules her life like a bird in flight and
Who will be her lover

All your life you've never seen
A woman taken by the wind
Would you stay if she promised you heaven

Will you ever win
Will you ever win

Rhiannon

Rhiannon

Rhiannon

Taken by taken by the sky
Taken by taken by the sky
Taken by taken by the sky
[Kweli]
Go right to left, left to right
Middle passage connection
Yeah, about to build
Tell you which way to go

[Both]
We go right to left, left to right
If you fight to the death, what's left to fight
X4
Yo, here we go

[Kweli]
I wanna write away
I wanna write here
I wanna write brave words to fight fear
Write dreams and nightmares
Might scare the folks stuck in the day
But nothing to say,
Well I'm way ahead by light years
So beware we keep the lights on
I wanna write the songs from right to wrong
Right on
Riding the light so you see in the dark
So deep you gotta be still like your beating heart
My words apply the pressure to make the bleeding stop
See the art, living right, eating smart
I wanna right to life, a right to death
Police read your rights from right to left
But I never write to remain silent
I fight through police line
Cops walk the beat that I write to
I teach minds, write rhymes with the right sound
Right now, journalists write up
I write down

[Both] :Chorus
Party people put a hand in the sky
Grab a cloud and squeeze til no man is dry
We wet it up, go ask the people if they plannin to die
Can't stay to live, consumers is plannin to buy
Smoke death operators is standing by
They take you order for the slaughter of the family why
Do they make it so hard for a man to provide
You better get wit it, or {stand to the side X7}

[Vinia Mojica]
And the story line goes on
Right to left, who's right who's wrong
Fuck the politics and pride
I just to try to stay alive
To witness where the battle lines are drawn
Speak my mind and sing my song
I'm passin on the moral y'all
This is ain't play
True, you got to know the way
It's hard now
Open eyes
See hopeful lives
Sing it now

[Kweli]
Making my way through life
Talking to elders and taking advice
Ignoring their words and paying the price
Living in the world where false preachers got us praying to christ
Get with the young girls in the choir and laying the pipe
No control of our soul we all wait at the light
So comfortable they we hating to fight to make it right
Late at night I'm controlled by the DJ on the mic
I love hip-hop and every joint he playing is tight
A day in the life is a brick in the foundation of like
A maze in Egypt amazing when I'm creating a sight
For the world to behold and the story to last
So one day ghetto children can visit their glorious past
After Pac and Notorious past what do we have
Niggas worth more when they dead, it's so sad
Started with the slavery we finish the plan
But I broke the cycle, and became a man

[Both] : Chorus

[Kweli]
Come on,
I got my man Savion in the house
We about to put it down
Here we go

(Savion Glover tap dances)
He has arrived, at the Apollo
I speak the truth
Truth, nothin but the truth
Y'all know what I bring to the game I speak the truth
The truth, nothing but the truth

[Beanie Mac]
I hope you got an extra mic and a fire proof booth
Cuz you know I'm known to metal wire too
You need a fire engineer when I lay this blaze
I melt down cracks that's real to save
Hit the studio, jars of dro, bars to blow
B. Sigel with that arsenic flow
Fuck that, don't hold me back
I roll with crack, y'all cats told Mac to rap
Y'all don't realize y'all released the beast untame
Speech all flame, streets y'all blame
It should be an honor for y'all to speak my name
I could go before your honor sit and peep my game
Gotta laugh, y'all acted like it spit it the same
Why you motherfuckers can't get in the game
I come from high school, and go straight to the league
Who you know who can spit at the Sig

CHORUS 2X
Nigga the truth, every time I step in the booth
I speak the truth, y'all know what I'm bringing to you
I bring the truth, you motherfuckers know who I be
I be the truth, what I speak shall set you free
Nigga the truth

[Beanie Mac]
Aint nothin changed with Sig I'm still stuck in the kitchen
So what I'm signed, that's fine still stuck in position
You motherfuckers know me well, couple court cases from jail
Couple 4-4 shells from hell
Stuck on this mission, go home, my girl fussin and bitchin
Motherfucker won't you change your life, I'm thinkin
Motherfucker won't I change my wife
Ignorant bastard laughin like fuck the rap shit
It's just another hustle, another way for niggas to touch you
Now they know the face of Beans
Now they, see my face on screens and I aint even chase this dream
I feel sorry for those who did
Y'all niggas can't stop the boar, whether rock or raw
I'm slingin coke in a rock valor
You niggas know what block I'm on, glock in palm
You wanna get shot, karate chopped or stabbed this song
Motherfucker

CHORUS

[Beanie Mac]
Black Friday management, and Roc's the label
And I still hit you niggas with shots that's fatal
That bullshit vest can't save you
I had a doc open you up from chest to navel
See my face on cable, and have flashbacks of that cold ass table
And them hoes I gave you
I'm that nigga that'll come and pour salt in your wound
At the hospital, while the cops guardin your room
You gotta see what I've seen, look where I've looked
Touch what I've reached, and take what I've took
You gotta go where I've gone, walked where I've walked
To get where I'm at to speak what I've talked
You gotta lay where I've laid, stay where I've stayed
Play where I've played to make what I've made
You gotta move what I've moved, use what I used
Use tools how I use, use fools how I use

CHORUS
[Intro: Jay-Z (Pharrell)]
Uh, uh, uh, yeah, uh, your boy is back
(Sexy sexy) I know y'all miss the bounce
Need to bounce for the sexy you know

[Verse 1: Jay-Z]
Yeah ma, your dude is back, made back roof is back
Tell the whole world the truth is back
You ain't got to argue about who could rap
Cause the proof is back just go through my rap
New York New York yeah where my troopers at
Where my hustlers where my boosters at
I don't care what you do for stacks
I know the world glued you back to the wall
You gotta brawl to that
I been through that, been shot at shoot back
Gotta keep it peace like a buddhist
I ain't a New Jack nobody 'gon Wesley Snipe me
It's less than likely, move back
Let I breathe Jedi knight
The more space I get the better I write
(Oh) Never I write, but, if, ever I write
I need the space to say whatever I like, now just

[Chorus: Jay-Z (Pharrell)]
(Change clothes and go) You know I stay, fresh to deatth I brought you from the projects
And I'm a take you to the top of the globe so let's go (Change numbers and go)
Uh huh yeah, uh (Now girl I promise you, no substitute) It's just me

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
And I 'gon tell you again let's get ghost in the phantom
You could bring your friend we could make this a tandem
You could come by yourself and you could stand him
Best believe I sweat out weaves, give afropuffs like R.A.G.E.
Awww you get If you could move it
Back it on up like a U Haul truck
Then run and tell them thugs you heard Hovi knew
He and the boy for real make beautiful music
He is to the east coast what Snoop is, to the west coast what Face is to Houston
Young Hov in the house it's so necessary
No bra with the blouse it's so necessary
No panties and jeans that's so necessary
Now why you frontin on me is that necessary
Do I to you look like a lame
Who don't understand a bra with a mean shoe game
Whose up on Dot Dot Dot and Vera Wang
Ma are you insane, let's just
(Woman speaking: What you want me to do?)

[Chorus: Jay-Z (Pharrell)]

[Bridge: Jay-Z (Pharrell)]
Uh, uh (Sexy sexy) Woo! (Ah ah!!!)
Uh huh (Sexy sexy) It's so necessary right) (Ah ah!!!)
Uh huh, woo! (Sexy sexy) That's right it's a groove (Ah ah!!!)
Uh huh, it's a groove (Sexy sexy) bring it back (Ah ah!!!!)

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
Young Hovi in the house it's so necessary
No bra with that blouse it's so necessary
No panties and jeans it's so necessary
Why you frontin on me?
Let's go to my hotel cause this don't go well
With those S Dots, try to stay fresh ma
Ma, I don't shop what the rest by
Oh no ma please respect ma
Jiggy this is probably purple label
Or that BBC or it's probably tailored
But y'all niggas actin way to tough
Throw on a suit get it tapered up, and let's just

[Chorus: Jay-Z (Pharrell)]

[Bridge (Outro): Jay-Z (Pharrell)]
intro: This is one of those songs you can clap along too...

[Slug]
Hides the eyes beneath the bill of the cap
Walks amoungst the flies that hover over the mat
He lies, but only when there's a reason
Mentions life by the tragedy, the comedy, the season
Poor at handling and managing income
Got enough love to pass around and then some
Been done, that there a name you can trust
Read the whole match book and put a flame to the brush
Good with packs, and rips up sacks
Put the show in biz, try to give what you get
When you let him run free with the thought
Pull the line in, try to see what you caught
I ain't all that bad, but I ain't all that great
I Went back to the lab and began to mutate
Wait. I still look the same, still got the same dumb name
Ain't a damn thing changed
But if you like surprises, I know of a party
Where they all dance around to your heart beat
Bring your own agenda and embrace your flaws
Lets put a face on this common cause

chorus:
And he said some got pencils and some got guns
Some know how to stand and some of them run
We don't get along, but we sing the same song
Party for the fight to write, and write on

Stay gold Pony Boy, stay true outspoken
Make a record Mr. Gangster and get 'em all open
The theories, the stories, the truths, the myths
Its all therapy, on top of turntablists
This indutry's big, so big an' fat
We can all get some, and we can give some back
And if its done correct, we'll make more than noise
So pick it up, and pick me up when you're bored with the toys
As a child Hip Hop made me read books,
And Hip Hop made me wanna be a crook
And Hip Hop gave me the way and something to say
And all I took in return is a second look
Son, you're shook, cuz ain't no such thing as half way there
Gettin' good at actin' like you just don't care
The circle of life trying to make it square condition
And self sit still
And Still.. where have all the sheep gone
Burnt down the farm and turned the TV on
John Coltrine, Marvin Gaye and Bob Marley all get invitations to my party

chorus

And if I spent anymore time inside my head
I'd probably need some leather straps attatched to my bed
And if I go another day without eating a meal
I'm gonna show you what it means to keep it real
And if they keep shootin' guns up and down my block
I Swear to God I'll be the first one to call the cops
And if I gotta hear that song ever again
You gonna have to share some of that beer my friend
They mistake me as happy-go-lucky
Just another base-head bobbin' nobody
But from where I stand, they sould like spies
Fillin' all the children's head with lies
Well alright, get your money right
But right now tonight I want you to pick a side
So when you got your power and you got your chedder
Let's get together soldier over throw this hold and make these roads better
Bring it on.. he said bring it on (right now)
Ain't nothin' but a party y'all... lets get it on

chorus
They laughed at their gods
And fought them in vain
So he turned his back on them
And left them in pain
Now here come the saints
With their banners held high
Each one of them martyrs
Quite willing to die

Wake the dead, the saints are in Hell
Wake the dead, they've come for the bell

Cover your fists
Razor your spears
It's been our possession
For 8,000 years
Fetch the scream eagles
Unleash the wild cats
Set loose the king cobras
And blood sucking bats

Wake the dead, the saints are in hell
Wake the dead, they've come for the bell

We are saints
In hell
We are saints
In hell
We're going down
Into the fire
We're going down
Into the fire

The streets run with blood from the mass mutilation
As carnage took toll for the bell

Abattoir, abattoir, mon dieu quelle horreur
For a time is was like second hell

Saints in Hell
Saints in Hell

The battle is over, the saints are alive
How can we all thank you, we felt so despised

Saints in Hell
Saints in Hell
Saints in Hell
Saints in Hell
Saints in Hell
Saints in Hell
[Verse 1: The Game]

June 30th, 11:07 I got that call
She 8 centimeters, my lil' man about to fall
Scuffing my Air Forces, running through the hospital hall
Deja vu, like I been here before
I'm feeling reborn, like a Bed-Stuy brethren, my first born
Dre, I'm about to have a bad boy, family in the lobby
See my nigga Church, &amp;quot;What Up,&amp;quot; shit I left the camcorder in the truck
Running through the maternity ward, out of breath, sweating
I swear to God every minute's starting to feel like a second
I seen Hell staring down the barrel of a Smith &amp;amp; Wesson
My son's ultrasound the closest I ever been to Heaven
Lord forgive me for my sins, I know it's last minute
Put the chronic in the air, a little hash in it
Spread my wings, If only I could fly
Why fight to live homie?, If we only living to die

[Chorus: Busta Rhymes]

I hope you grow up to become that everything you can be
That's all I wanted for you young'n, like Father, like Son

But in the end I hope you only turn out better than me
I hope you know I love you young'n, like Father, like Son

My little man, your day is coming, coming, your day is coming, I tell you
And when it comes, just keep it running, running, just keep it running, I tell you

[Verse 2: The Game]

They say every time somebody die a child is born
So I thank the nigga who gave his life for the birth of my son
11:32, she screaming at the top of her lungs
I'm panicking, nurse yelling for the doctor to come
All I could remember was lamaze class, breathe baby
&amp;quot;One (one), two (two), three (three), four (four),&amp;quot; I see the head
Doc busting through the door, he between the legs
He see the head, it's my baby boy
11:46, the head out, she screaming, making crazy noise
Pain is love, my stomach folding like a La-Z-Boy
I'm feeling like Mariah Carey, all these butterfly's
Voices singing to me, sound like Teena Marie
I'm calling niggas on tour, &amp;quot;Jayo tell Spiz I just cut the umbilical cord&amp;quot;
11:57, a soldier is born, and he's flesh of my flesh, young Harlem Karan

[Chorus: Busta Rhymes]

I hope you grow up to become that everything you can be
That's all I wanted for you young'n, like Father, like Son

But in the end I hope you only turn out better than me
I hope you know I love you young'n, like Father, like Son

My little man, your day is coming, coming, your day is coming, I tell you
And when it comes, just keep it running, running, just keep it running, I tell you

[Verse 3: The Game]

I wanna thank Dr. Af and Nurse Theresa, for bringing my baby boy to life
You birthed a Caesar, And my baby Mama, Aliska
For pushing out a 10-pound, 4-ounce Mini-Me, I still can't believe it
Nose, ears, eyes, chin, just like your Daddy
I die before you grow up and be just like your Daddy, or your Grandfather
Call Uncle Zip, tell him I got a son and I ain't even in Harlem
I'm popping Cris with your Godfathers, Baron Davis and &amp;quot;D-Mack&amp;quot; Darius Rogers
Drop the top on the '71, with my face in the clouds, Lord spare my son
And watch over Aaron Wright, T'Yan and Lil' Pun
Lowriding, banging &amp;quot;Ready to Die,&amp;quot; track number 1
If I bust 5 times and they never see the sun
My life is a black hole, like the barrel of a gun, one

[Chorus: Busta Rhymes]

I hope you grow up to become that everything you can be
That's all I wanted for you young'n, like Father, like Son

But in the end I hope you only turn out better than me
I hope you know I love you young'n, like Father, like Son

My little man, your day is coming, coming, your day is coming, I tell you
And when it comes, just keep it running, running, just keep it running, I tell you

I hope you grow up to become that everything you can be
That's all I wanted for you young'n, like Father, like Son

But in the end I hope you only turn out better than me
I hope you know I love you young'n, like Father, like Son

My little man, your day is coming, coming, your day is coming, I tell you
And when it comes, just keep it running, running, just keep it running, I tell you
Hanging out, down the street
The same old thing we did last week
Not a thing to do, but talk to you

Steal your car, and bring it down
Pick me up, we'll drive around
Wish we had a joint so bad

Bust a street light
Out past midnight
Here, have a dollar,
in fact, no brother-man here, have two
Two dollars means a snack for me,
but it means a big deal to you
"Be strong, serve God only,
know that if you do, beautiful heaven awaits"
That's the poem I wrote for the first time
I saw a man with no clothes, no money, no plate
Mr. Wendal, that's his name,
no one ever knew his name cause he's a no-one
Never thought twice about spending on a ol' bum,
until I had the chance to really get to know one
Now that I know him, to give him money isn't charity
He gives me some knowledge, I buy him some shoes
And to think blacks spend all that money on big colleges,
still most of y'all come out confused

[CHORUS:]
Go ahead, Mr.Wendal (2x)

Mr.Wendal has freedom,
a free that you and I think is dumb
Free to be without the worries of a quick to diss society
for Mr.Wendal's a bum
His only worries are sickness
and an occasional harassment by the police and their chase
Uncivilized we call him,
but I just saw him
eat off the food we waste
Civilization, are we really civilized, yes or no?
Who are we to judge?
When thousands of innocent men could be brutally enslaved
and killed over a racist grudge
Mr. Wendal has tried to warn us about our ways
but we don't hear him talk
Is it his fault when we've gone too far,
and we got too far, cause on him we walk

Mr.Wendal, a man, a human in flesh,
but not by law
I feed you dignity to stand with pride,
realize that all in all you stand tall

[CHORUS]

Mr.Wendal, Lord, Mr.Wendal
Yeah, bam, bam, bam, heyya, whassup, yeah
We was like that you know
Yeah, and I bet you got layed back
Yeah, ima uh, Im a just sit in here for a couple of hours
Man, dont sweat it, yo, we gonna catch some stuff, dude
Oh no, Im kinda tired
Nah, we got a basket, were gonna fill this basket before we go, yo
Aight, bro
Cause there are otha fish...

[slim kid tre]
It took a second to register up in my branium
My dome, my head, my skull, my cranium
My eyes have had enough, it was time to do some talkin
I had to creep through the hound-dogs that were stalkin
This slimmy caught me peepin, this means she wasnt sleepin
On who I was, so she crept in like a hawk
In a minutes time, we adjourned to the floor
Ooh! I hit a high note cause of the way that she was walkin
We got into the groove, I didnt bust no, uh, hip-hop moves
I just kept it nice and smooth
Next thing you know, we got together, word, I thought wed be forever
Didnt have an um-ber-ella, now Im soaked in stormy weather
Whether two birds of a feather fly or fall itll be together
Never sympin, and leave your love life limp
Therell be no suicide attempts for this slim-trim kid
Cuz you know theres otha fish in the sea, that is, in the sea
In the sea that is

(chorus 3x)
(in the sea) you know theres otha fish in the sea that is

I reminisce, try to clear up all the myths
For an imaginary kiss with you again
Not even friends, though I wish that I could mend
Like a tailor and be olive oyls number one sailor
I ams what I am, still I falls like an anvil
Shes heavy on the mind sometimes its more than I can handle
But men arent supposed to tumble into the den b
Macho, but I hancho like pancho will give in
Family oriented, but not oriental
A dame is supposed to claim ya even if you drive a pinto
A hero is a sandwich, and a manwich is a meal
A marriage is a paper, are they fakin or for real?
Whats the deal dabbers? will you go tumbling after
Your man and take a stand or will you help him roll faster?
The reason why I ask you is because Im sick of this
Bitch lickin drip drip from a niggaz benefits
He doesnt even suit ya and hes surely not ya size
Im surprised that you slept on a heart thats worldwide
And when ya open up ya eyes, babe, my mate, I really wish
That ya dont bruise a limb, as ya swim with otha fish in the sea
In the sea that is

(chorus 3x)

Now, if there aint no mountain high enough
Why aint you climbin up?
My hand has been extended every since the day I lent it to ya
I thought I knew ya, but I didnt even know ya
Bro, youre stupid, cause ya thought youd catch a cupid
And you found that love aint two wiffs of shit
So I resign or quit
It aint even about the hips, or the lips or the tits or
Even the pussywhip, elizabeth, this is it
Because I slipped and I tripped into a shoe that didnt fit
And now the next man is stealing my heart away
Id charge him like a bull, but his pull never fades me
The kid is going crazy, they steppin with my lady
They workin on a baby, Im pushin up the daisies, but
Hey diddle diddle, I wont play second fiddle
To no man and stand firm on this
And seal up on the bliss with a big juicy kiss
Just call me big gibraltor miss
No, I wont diss, Im just like on to otha fish in the sea
In the sea that is

(chorus 3x)

You know theres otha, you know that theres otha
(chorus repeats 20x)

In the sea, baby (4x)
[Phife Dawg]
Yo, microphone check one two what is this
The five foot assassin with the ruffneck business
I float like gravity, never had a cavity
Got more rhymes than the Winans got family
No need to sweat Arsenio to gain some type of fame
No shame in my game cause I'll always be the same
Styles upon styles upon styles is what I have
You wanna diss the Phifer but you still don't know the half
I sport New Balance sneakers to avoid a narrow path
Messin round with this you catch ?the sizin of em?
I never half step cause I'm not a half stepper
Drink a lot of soda so they call me Dr. Pepper
Refuse to com-pete with BS competition
Your name ain't Special Ed so won't you Seckle With the Mission
I never walk the streets, think it's all about me
Even though deep in my heart, it really could be
I just try my best to like go all out
Some might even say yo shorty black you're buggin' out

[Q-Tip]
Uhhh, uhhh, uhhh, uh!
Zulu Nation, brothers that's creation
Minds get flooded, ejaculation
right on the two inch tape
The Abstract poet incognito, runsss the cape
Not the best not the worst and occasionally I curse to get my
point across, so bust, the floss
As I go in betweeen, the grit and the dirt
Listen to the mission listen Miss as I do work, umm
as I crack the, monotone
Children of the jazz so, get your own
Smokin R&amp;B cause they try to do me
or the best of the pack but they can't do rap
For it's Abstract, orig-inal
You can't get your own and that's, pitiful
I know I'd be the man if I cold yanked the plug
on R&amp;B, but I can't and that's bugged

Buggin out, buggin out, buggin out you're buggin out (repeat 8X)

[Phife Dawg]
Yo when you bug out, you usually have a reason for the action
Sometimes you don't it's just for mere satisfaction
People be houndin, always surroundin
Pulsin, just like a migraine poundin
You don't really fret, you stay in your sense
?Comafied? your feeling, of absolute tense
You soar off to another world, deep in your mind
But people seem to take that, as being unkind
"Oh yo he's acting stank," really on a regal?
A man of the fame not a man of the people
Believe that if you wanna but I tell you this much
Riding on the train with no dough, sucks
Once again a case of your feet in my Nike's
If a crowd is in my realm I'm saying -- mic please
Hip-hop is living, can't yank the plug
if you do the result, will end up kind of bugged

[Q-Tip]
Yo, I am not an invalid although I used to smoke the weed out
Ali Shaheed Muhammad used to say I had to be out
Schemin on the cookies with the crazy boomin back buns
Pushin on the real ?hardest? so we can have the big fun
When I left for Rosie I was Boulevard status
Battling a MC was when Tip was at his baddest
It was one MC after one MC
What the world could they be wanting see from little old me
Do I have the formula to save the world?
Or was it just because I used to swipe the women and all the girls
I'm the type of brother with the crazy extended hand kid
Dissed by all my brothers I was all up what my man did
Supposed to be my man but now I wonder cause you're feeble
I go out with the strongest and I seperate the evils
it's your brain against my mind, for those about to boot out
All you nasty critters even though you see I bug out

Buggin out, buggin out, buggin out you're buggin out (repeat 8X)
[Jay-Z]
Uhh, uh uh uh
It's big pimpin baby..
It's big pimpin, spendin cheese
Feel me.. uh-huh uhh, uh-huh..
Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah
Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah..

You know I - thug em, fuck em, love em, leave em
Cause I don't fuckin need em
Take em out the hood, keep em lookin good
But I don't fuckin feed em
First time they fuss I'm breezin
Talkin bout, "What's the reasons?"
I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch
Better trust than believe em
In the cut where I keep em
til I need a nut, til I need to beat the guts
Then it's, beep beep and I'm pickin em up
Let em play with the dick in the truck
Many chicks wanna put Jigga fist in cuffs
Divorce him and split his bucks
Just because you got good head, I'ma break bread
so you can be livin it up? Shit I..
parts with nothin, y'all be frontin
Me give my heart to a woman?
Not for nothin, never happen
I'll be forever mackin
Heart cold as assassins, I got no passion
I got no patience
And I hate waitin..
Hoe get yo' ass in
And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now
RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah
And let's RI-I-I-I-I-IDE.. check em out now
RI-I-I-I-I-IDE, yeah

Chorus One: Jay-Z

We doin.. big pimpin, we spendin cheese
Check em out now
Big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s
We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C.
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B
Yo yo yo.. big pimpin, spendin cheese
We doin - big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s
We doin.. big pimpin up in N.Y.C.
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B

[Bun B]
Nigga it's the - big Southern rap impresario
Comin straight up out the black bar-rio
Makes a mill' up off a sorry hoe
Then sit back and peep my sce-nawr-e-oh
Oops, my bad, that's my scenario
No I can't fuck a scary hoe
Now every time, every place, everywhere we go
Hoes start pointin - they say, "There he go!"
Now these motherfuckers know we carry mo' heat than a little bit
We don't pull it out over little shit
And if you catch a lick when I spit, then it won't be a little hit
Go read a book you illiterate son of a bitch and step up yo' vocab
Don't be surprised if yo' hoe stab out with me
and you see us comin down on yo' slab
Livin ghetto-fabulous, so mad, you just can't take it
But nigga if you hatin I
then you wait while I get yo' bitch butt-naked, just break it
You gotta pay like you weigh wet wit two pairs of clothes on
Now get yo' ass to the back as I'm flyin to the track
Timbaland let me spit my pro's on
Pump it up in the pro-zone
That's the track that we breakin these hoes on
Ain't the track that we flow's on
But when shit get hot, then the glock start poppin like ozone
We keep hoes crunk like Trigger-man
Fo' real it don't get no bigger man
Don't trip, let's flip, gettin throwed on the flip
Gettin blowed with the motherfuckin Jigga Man, fool

Chorus Two: Bun B

We be.. big pimpin, spendin cheese
We be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s
We be.. big pimpin down in P.A.T.
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B
Cause we be.. big pimpin, spendin cheese
And we be.. big pimpin, on B.L.A.D.'s
Cause we be.. big pimpin in P.A.T.
It's just that Jigga Man, Pimp C, and B-U-N B.. nigga

[Pimp C]
Uhh.. smokin out, throwin up, keepin lean up in my cup
All my car got leather and wood, in my hood we call it buck
Everybody wanna ball, holla at broads at the mall
If he up, watch him fall, nigga I can't fuck witch'all
If I wasn't rappin baby, I would still be ridin Mercedes
Chromin shinin sippin daily, no rest until whitey pay me
Uhhh, now what y'all know bout them Texas boys
Comin down in candied toys, smokin weed and talkin noise

Chorus Two
Make ya feel good , make ya feel all right
One time
Feel good yea ya'll
Busta Rhymes in the place ya'll
Make you feel real good ya'll
Flipmode is the squad in the place ya'll

Buck wild for all of my niggas who don't care
floss like a bunch of young black millionaires
Makin ya run, me and my gun
Stackin my ones
floss a little, invest up in a mutual funds
Blowin the horn since the very day I was born
never dreamed I see a nigga landscapimg my lawn
Dangerous, my niggas shit be accurate
Have to get, the flow be so emaculate
A yo a yo watchin my dough, sippin my moe
Slippin in slow, them pretty bitches sayin hello
Any wiggle hittin this play oil of oley
Little honey dip whip in within a little cabriolet
I don't mean to hold you up
But I got somethin to say
Swear to only give you hot shit everyday
Afraid of us, you know this ain't no game to us
You strange to us
That's when we gettin dangerous
Come on

Chorus:
This is serious
We can make you delirious
You should have a healthy fear of us
Cause to much of us is dangerous
So dangerous we dangerous
My Flipmode squad is dangerous
So dangerous we dangerous
My whole entire unit is dangerous

Hold your breath
We swingin it from right to left
Word to Wyclef
nigga'z shit be hot to death
Stayin alive, you know only the strongest survive
Holdin my heat
under my seat , whippin the five
Baseline for all of my people movin around
Give me a pound
All of my niggaz holdin it down
cuttin you up
The new shit wrekin you up
fuckin you up
My black hole suckin you up
Back in the days niggaz use to be ass out
Now a nigga holdin several money market accounts
Blaze the street and then I would just like to announce
Feelin my grove
My jiga jiga makin you bounce
Others is fare, me and my niggas breakin the bridge
Straight gettin it, we got you niggas holdin your head
Afraid of us, you know this ain't no game to us
You strange to us that's when we gettin dangerous
Come on

Chorus

One time ya'll
Throw your hands real high ya'll
Yea, get down ya'll
Let me see you all ya'll
Busta Rhymes, Flipmode ya'll
Nineteen ninety eight ya'll
Ha, get down ya'll, lets have a ball ya'll

Feelin the heat up in the street rockin the beat
Step up in the club, take me to my reserved seat
Comin around, all of my niggaz surround me
So much bottles of liquer, ya'll niggaz will drown me
Makin ya drunk, feelin the funk, blazin the skunk
Stay hitten with the shit that blow a hole in ya trunk
Afraid of us, you know this ain't no game to us
You strange to us that's when we gettin dangerous
Come on

Chorus
[Big Punisher]
You can catch me in the cherry red one-fifty
Got the grizzy locked in the stizzy
Pop the clizzy goin sixty down a one-wizzy
Drunk pissy, tryin to cruise through the avenue
While my peoples is poppin bottles up in? Sue's rendevous?
Fuck that, spun the U-ey lost a hubcap
It's back to the shack - came back and now, "What's that?"
Straight from Paris, checkin Gaby's new baby carriage
Perry Ellis (nice), auburn cherry reddish
Fresh out the dealer, got the Tec for the squealers
Wear a vest for the killers, nuttin less cause it's reala
In the Big Apple, where it's quick to get your shit tackled
Enemies spit at you, best friends kidnap you
Trust no one (eh eh) got beef bust yo' gun
You don't neeeed no one (nope) talkin bout that you owe him
I'ma go for dolo - Scarface without Manolo
One deep, I be solo, bustin heat, throwin bolos, it's hard

Chorus 1 + 2 overlap

Chorus 1: Donnell Jones
And it's so haaaaaard, yeah
Niggaz wanna be like Pun, but they don't bust they guns
and it's so haaaaaard..
Niggaz wanna fuck my wife, niggas wanna take my life
but it's so haaaaaard..

Chorus 2: Big Punisher
It's hard work baby
I just lost a hundred pounds, I'm tryin to live
I ain't goin nowhere I'm stayin alive baby..
That's my wife, I paid for them titties
Get your own, your own, ya heard?
Niggaz wanna fuck my wife, niggaz wanna take my life
But it's so haaaaaard..

[Big Punisher]
Rollin with the Squad, we like Gods
Catch us at the bar-de-bar-de-bars
Strip bars in Miami, almost came home with the Grammy
Next year, bringin home three for the family
Watch me, you can catch it live on the Hitachi
Poppin shit lise a Nazi, iced out like DeBiase
Fuck that, Liberace
Fo'-X Versace, somebody stop me!
Never that, SKEE-YU! Where my niggaz at?
Uptown! Uptown! You feelin that
"Cash Rule," hardcore you can dance to
That old Biggie give me, "Onnne More Chaaaaance.."
Take a glance and I'm off with yours
With both hands take off my drawers
And jerk me like the Source Awards
I love hip-hop, I ain't even -probably the best lyricist alive
Terror Squad nigga stop sleepin, ooh yeah
[Big Punisher] -overlaps chorus
What you say your name was again?
And I know you from where? Elementary school?
..I don't know you maaaaan!!
Money, not you again
Go THAT way!
Loser!

Chorus 3: Donell Jones (starts where Pun says "I don't know you")
Niggaz wanna be like Pun, but they don't bust they guns
and it's so haaaaaard..
Niggaz wanna fuck my wife, niggaz wanna take my life
but it's so haaaaaard..
Yeah, cause you ain't fuckin my wife, talkin my life
And if you just hatin just walk on by...
All you haters just walk on by
[Intro:]
Cause sometimes you just feel tired.
You feel weak and when you feel weak you feel like you wanna just give up.
But you gotta search within you, you gotta find that inner strength
and just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up
and not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse.

[B/W Intro:]
Go left, go left, go left right left
Go left, go left, go left right left
Go left, go left, go left right left
Go left, go left, go left right left

[Verse #1:]
Till I collapse Im spilling these raps long as you feel em
Till the day that I drop youll never say that Im not killing them
Cause when I am not then I am stop pinning them
And I am not hip-hop and Im just not Eminem.
Subliminal thoughts when Im stop sending them women are caught in webs spin and hauk venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illing to stop. Amoxacilin is just not real
enough.
The criminal cop killing hip-hop filling minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners.
Your coming with me, feel it or not youre gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of god
lives in us.
You hear it a lot, lyrics the shock is it a miracle or am I just a product of pop fizzing up.
For shizzle my whizzle this is the plot listen up you pizzles forgot slizzle does not give a
fuck.

[Chorus - NateDogg]
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, cant shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out and my high wear out
Ima rip this shit till my bone collapse.
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, cant shut my mouth.
Till the smoke clears out and my high wear out
Ima rip this shit till my bone collapse.

[Verse #2:]
Music is like magic theres a certain feeling you get when your real
and you spit and people are feeling your shit.
This is your moment and every single minute you spend trying to hold onto it
cause you may never get it again.
So while youre in it try to get as much shit as you can
and when your run is over just admit when its at its end.
Cause Im at the end of my wits with half this shit that gets in.
I got a list heres the order of my list that its in.
It goes, Reggie, Jay-Z, Tupac and Biggie, Andre from Outcast, Jada, Kurupt,
Nas and then me. But in this industry Im the cause of a lot of envy,
so when Im not put on this list the shit does not offend me.
Thats why you see me walk around like nothings bothering me.
Even though half you people got a fucken problem with me.
You hate it but you know respect youve got to give me
The press's wet dream like Bobby and Whitney. Nate hit me.

[Chorus - NateDogg]

[Verse #3:]
Soon as a verse starts I eat it at MCs heart
what is he thinking? I'ma not to go against me, smart.
And its absurd how people hang on every word.
Ill probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But Ill never be served my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave earth that would be the death of me first.
Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothing could ever be worse.
Thats why Im clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like Im an addict
I rap like Im addicted to smack like Im Kim Mathers.
But I dont want to go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bump some rappers.
So this is like a full blown attack Im launching at them
The track is on some battling raps who want some static
Cause I dont really think that the fact that Im Slim matters
A plaque of platinum status is whack if Im not the baddest.

[Chorus - NateDogg]

[Outro:]
[Eminem &amp; Natedogg Echo:]
Until the roof
The roof comes off
Until my legs
give out form underneath me

[Eminem:]
I will not fall,
I will stand tall,
Feels like no one could beat me
Oh Baby
I dedicate this to all the pretty girls
To all the pretty girls...to ohhh...
All the pretty girl in the world,
And the ugly girls too...
But to me you're pretty anyway baby

You give me your number
I call you up
You act like your pussy dont interrupt
I dont have no trouble with you fuckin me
But I have a little problem with you not fuckin me
Baby you know Ima take care of you
Cos you say you got my baby and I know it aint true
Is it a good thing?? No, its bad bitch
For good or worse, makes you switch
So I walk on over with my Cristal
Bitches, niggas put away your pistols
Dirty wont be havin it in this house
Cos bitch I'll cripple your style
Now that you heard my calmim voice
Couldnt get another nigga, hootchie wont get moist
If you wanna look good and not be bummy,
Girl you better gimmie that money
Hoo!!

CHORUS:
Hey, dirty, baby I got your money
Dont you worry
I said hey, baby I got your money
x2

Yo, so I glanced at the girl girl glanced at me
I whispered in her ear you wanna be with me??
You wanna look pretty though, in my video
Ol Dirty on the hat and I let you all know
Just dance like you're caught up in the Holy Ghost trance
If you stop, Ima put sum killer ants in your pants
Im the O-D-B as you can see
FBI, dont you be watchin me
I dont want no problem, cause i'll put you down
In the ground where you can not be found
Im just Dirt Dog tryin to make some money
So give me my streaks and gimmie my honey
Radios play this all day every day
Recognize Im a fool and you lovin me
None of you, nuh, better look at me funny
Nuh, you know my name now gimmie my money

CHROUS x2

Sing it
Sing it girls...
Just shake it right now!
If Dirty want his money I think ya'll should give him his money
That's how I like girl
Sexy, sexy, sexy,
Sexy, sexy, sexy
Sexy, sexy, sexy
Sexy, sexy, sexy

Yo we can play it in the club like this all night
Bitches put your ass out and let me hold it tight
Your looking at my wrist saying Thats so nice!!
The price fits the diamonds, shining in disco lights
You better help me solve my problem
Or Ima get this money and rob them
Lucky dog when I won the lotto
Ran up my cards for carrying raw loads
Well hold on now you can call me Dirty
And then lift up your skirt
And if you want some of this dirty
God made dirt and dirt bust your ass
Stop annoying me, yea I play my music loud
Take the bastard Old Dirty to move the crowd
They said he had his dick in his mouth
Eddie Murphy taught me that back at the house
Now gimmie my money

CHORUS repeats fading out
Ooooh Its so good...(x5) Ooooh Im in love...(x5) Ooooh I feel love...(x5) I feel love I feel love I feel love Ooooh Fallin free...(x5) Ooooh You and me...(x5) Ooooh I feel love...(x5) I feel love I feel love I feel love Ooooh Ill get you...(x5)(Ill get you) Ooooh what you do...(x5) Ooooh I feel love...(x5) I feel love I feel love I feel love...etc...
(Niggas out there jelous cuz we be bailin' with Death Row
They try to playa hate
but they can't fade us tho'
We be mobbin' through tha neigborhood
Yeah
with that funky sound *so funky*
we be throwin' down)

This goes out to you playa
you know...you know who you are

Chorus: repeat 3X

Gotta be carefull, can't let tha evil of tha money trap me
So when ya see me nigga
Ya better Holla at me

Verse One: 2Pac

Are you confused ?
You wonder how it feels to walk a mile inside tha shoes
of a nigga who don't have a thing to loose
When me and you was homies
no one informed me it was all a scheme
You infiltrated my team and sold a niggas dreams
how could you do me like that ?
I took ya family in
I put some cash in ya pocket
made you a man again
and now you let tha fear put your ass in a place
complicated to escape
It's a fools fate
without your word
your a shell of a man
I lost respect for you nigga
we can never be friends
I know i'm runnin' through your head now
what could you do ?
If it was up to you
i'd be dead now
I let tha world know nigga you a coward
You could never be live
until you die
see tha mothafucken bitch in your eye
Type of Nigga, that let tha evil of tha money trap me
when ya see me nigga
ya better holla at me (holla at me)
can't let tha evil of tha money trap me
So when ya see me nigga
Ya better Holla at me

Chorus: 2Pac

(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

So I gotta be carefull, can't let tha evil of tha money trap me
so when ya see me nigga
ya better holla at me

(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

Verse Two: 2Pac

courious
spittin' lyrics
on tha verge of furious
i'm addicted to currency
nigga that's why we're doin this
I got shot up, I surprised tha niggas tha way I got up
and then
I hit the studio
It's time to blow tha block up
No hesitation
this information got you contemplatin'
heartbreakin' and eliminatin' with this conversation
break him
and let him see tha face of a mental patient
it's a celebration
of my criminal elevation
with the participation
I want members across tha fifty states
to keep tha nation anticipatin' until we break
will I be great, is it my fate ?
to live tha life of luxury
some niggas bought my tapes
so much jelousy it scares me
so be prepared
cause only tha strong survive
life isn't fair (fair)
probably never knew tha way it feels to die
so you figure fuck with me
I give that ass a try
Nigga, Holla at me

Chorus

(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

(Ohhhhhh....)

Verse Three: 2Pac

I shoulda saw tha signs
I was blinded
criminal minds of a young black brotha doin' time
so many brothas framed in this dirty game
it's a shame
so much pressure on my brain
while she blame me
Secrets in tha dark
only her and I know
now i'm sitten' in tha state pen
doin time for slow
guess she made a bad decision
that got me livin'
just like an animal
i'm caged up in state prison
my niggas dissin'
cause
hell have no fury like a woman scorn
A cemetary full of mothafuckers got not knowin'
picture my prophecy
tha cops are attacking me, on top of me
i'm runnin' from tha coppers
but never let'em stop me
cause i'm a soulja
hell, ever since I was a little nigga havin' fantasies
of one day getting older
Niggas is paranoid
trust
a no no
love is a mystery
Fuck tha po po,
Holla at me.....
So when you see me nigga
you better holla at me....

Chorus

(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

(Niggas out there jelous cuz we be bailin' with Death Row
They try to playa hate
but they can't fade us tho'
We be mobbin' through tha neigborhood
Yeah
with that funky sound (so funky)
we be throwin' down)

Chorus

(You better beware where you lay
We better not find where you stay)

(Ohhhhhhhh, heeeeyyy, ohhhhh nooo noooo noooooo)
[Dre] Yeah whattup Detroit?
[Snoop] Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh-no he didn't!
Ahhh! They didn't do it again,
what-what, what-what?
Did you shit on these niggaz two times Dr. Dre?
[Dre] Oh fo' sho'!
[Snoop] Uh-uh, naw, ya smell that?
This is special right here
What-what, what-what-what?
Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie baby
Uhh, to the boogie-oogie-oogie
Yeah, y'know! What's crackin Dre?

[Dr. Dre]
Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit
on Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit (Limp Bizkit)
Throw on 'Guilty Conscience' at concerts
and watch mosh pits til motherf**kers knock each other unconcious
(Watch out now!) Some of these crowds that Slim draws
is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and fulla cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw +IS+ niggaz from Crenshaw
from Long Beach to South Central
{*LOUD SCREAM*} Whoa, not these niggaz again
These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again
(Hehe) You and what army could harm me?
D-R-E and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach
(East-syde!) Came a long way, to makin these songs play
It'll be a wrong move, to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long uz', and I carry it all day
(Blaow!) Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just bein Andre,
but I..

[Snoop Dogg]
somehow, someway - tell 'em, nigga
You know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg)
Now let me cut these niggaz up and show em where da f**k I'm comin from
I get the party crackin from the shit that I be spittin son
Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty gungs, and I love all of 'em the same - bang bang!
Damn baby girl what's your name?
I forgot - what'd you say it was? Damn a nigga buzzed
Hangin in the club, with my nephew Eminem
(Whassup Slim?) Whattup 'cause? (Whattup Snoop?)
The Great White American Hope, done hooked up
with the King of the motherf**kin West coast, bay-bayy!

Chorus: Nate Dogg (+Snoop)

And you don't really wanna f**k, with me
Only nigga that I trust, is me
F**k around and make me bust, this heat
[Snoop] That's, the devil, they always wanna dance

[Xzibit]
I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin you move
You're found dead in your garage, with ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it, cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God
All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standin over you with a twelve gauge, about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the bodybag, but never in cuffs
So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin with Puff
Bitch, please - you must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees - c'mon

Chorus 2X

[Eminem - impersonating Snoop]
Awww naww, big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long
Back up, in the, heezy BAY-BAY
He's Sha-day!

[Snoop] He's so cra-zay!

[Eminem]
Hahaha! Gimme the mic, let me recite, 'til Timothy White
pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right? I'm just a criminal, makin a living
off of the world's misery - what in the world gives me the right
to say what I like, and walk around flippin the bird
Livin the urban life, like a white kid from the 'burbs
Dreamin at night of screamin at mom, schemin to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
that somewhere deep down, there's a decent human being in me
It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me
is cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean
So when you see me, dressin up like a nerd on TV
or heard the CD usin the fag word so freely
it's just me being me, here want me to tone it down?
{*LOWER pitch*} Suck my f**kin dick, you faggot
You happy now? Look here

[Eminem - impersonating Snoop]
I start some trouble everywhere that I go (that I go)
Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know (cause they know)
I start some shit they throw me out the back do' (the back do')
Come back and shoot the club up with a fo'-fo' (a fo'-fo')

Chorus 2X

[Xzibit]
2001 and forever
Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, X to the Z, Nate Dogg
C'mon, yeah!!
[Tonedeff]

Yo, first I sprinkle a verse

By adding words, rhymes

Flippin 'em in to a verse with lines

Then ima hit 'em with spurts rhyme

Then ima let 'em and split 'em and add

Feelin my wrath

Vagrantly depart to the south so dirty

You want to be given a bath

Give it a pathelogical lie to deny that i'm nice

And the truth hurts (ow)

Wearin' a blue shirt the best buy for the price

Figure, Six guys this live and nice on the mic

So don't dis us because we're fly,

Until you try what it's like

I'm liable to Slice at these emcee bastards

Leaving their knees fractured

Needing every peice of their teeth re-crafted

So don't front 'cause I see past it

You're harmless like wolverines adamantium claws

Yhen they're retracted

The scene's backlit,

It seems static will wreack havoc

A beat battered, I'll keep rappin'

In leech battle, will dreams shatter

In three nanoseconds (damn)

Count your patients, One step to Tonedeff

You're gone in sixty seconds like (?)



[Deacon]

I leave you riddled with basics

There's no need for complexity

To be beside myself I need God next to me

Just kiddin'

I'm patially bull shittin'

The only time I take a loss pussy's

When I lose kittens

I pitch shit past 'ya, no matter who's hittin

I don't capsize boats,

But I got crews flippin'

You catch it? the message needs analisation

Step and your boys will be pouring alcoholic libations

I flew sick, you knew this

I'll puzzle you, doofus

Fuck mental

In the stretcher went to a physical (?)

It will take more than stick to rearrange it then change it

His language is so strange, how do we contain it?

You can't just paint this stuff up on a canvas

You have to get the mental picture

To begin to understand this

So, Anticipate defeat, the league chances

Got your head speared, no lances

Doing burial dances



[sankofa]

I'm giving fourty like with speech imediments

Each other threat causes confident cats to stutter,

Step caught a reputation down the sides:

Too raw for porn, over thugs plates of leftovers

Eat some warm dober

Thug's a jaded wordsmith,

Bleeding ghost writer's pen's dry

Get on other rapper's nerves

Corroding dead, dryed sweat

My thoughts connect,

You ought to step away fast,

It seems I gave cats &amp;quot;hey that's the way they make tracks&amp;quot;

Forget a scare, I'm not generous, kid

Split society of (?) and indented in (?)

Independently sick

And this is just a quick reminder

If you was to pick a cipher

Then I'll bust you quick to write yours

All expenses paid, no questions asked

I'll get open in the cut and we can flesh your gash

Cat, relax. Man, the last time I took a breather

I got brought up on murder charges

Start the crooked finger



[Kno]

Yo, I'm not the fella to rifF with

I'm so nice Mr. Rogers sued my ass

For copyright infringement

Roll with henchemen,

Not, we'll switch heads

From wanna be thugs to 24/7 bitch kids

I'll bring my shitlist

Production cat bastards want jiggy beats

For some whack rappers

Switch my style if you're tryin' to play,

My beats will maraud your ass any time of day

Like deuce Biggalow's chick,

Whenever your through shit

People see you and holler &amp;quot;That's one huge bitch!&amp;quot;

Shit, when the lp rolls out

The source will be forced to make the quotables

A three page fold-out

No doubt, I'm fed up with this whack shit

Ballin the next gear, wearing abercrombie and fitch

Any Jiggy rapper acting fly on the radio

Is getting pulled out of rotation like a firestone radial



[Kashal Tee]

Catch the Tee, the hip hop scene I fathom

Let people know my windows belt keeps my jeans from sagging

It seems I'm raggin,

But feinds been naggin' for my next release

I apply all my expertise to make them extra pleased

Even get the breaks to peace that make a brother feel this

All I do is independent, like double helix

Selling out? well I hope that you're not

But how else could you afford all the soap that you drop?

You cant fuck wit me, yo, kid look

Taking me out aint no small feat, you aint bigfoot

You should know who the heck you're facing

'cause my reputation leaves no room for speculation

Now battle, is that you want to do?

What kind of man are you?

I bet you sit on (?)

Now that it's proven to you

You got a lot to tell us,

Them got your heart skipping beats like accapellas



[Celph-titled]

I'll be a mythic author,

Writing poems on tombstones

Celph-titled and, nigga you couldn't bring home

I'm at the crib wit your bitch givin' me slow head

Split you up in more peices than when Jesus broke bread

My click is raw, be prepared when you meet us

Kill an unborn baby and you still couldn't de-fetus (ooh)

I don't battle with rhymes,

I'd rather battle with nines

Instead of using my mind

I'd rather shatter your spine

The closest you ever came to a punch line,

Was waiting for refreshments at the prom in '89

I'm super crafty, super nasty, super rhaspy

Fuckin' bitches with super asscheeks

You fucking faggots don't know the wrong speeches

I beat a bitch untill her whole body turns to cleavage

I'm hyperactive so I drink decaffinated

My left jab is fatal, leave your cats decapitated!
(Ecoutez. A midi.)
(Quel heure est-il? Il est midi.)
(C'est l'heure de dejeuner. Qu'est-ce qu'il y a a manger?)
(Il y a saucisse, sans doute.)
(Ecoutez et repetez. A midi.)
(Quel heure est-il?)
(Quel heure)
(Quel heure est-il?)
(Est-il?)
(Il est midi. Midi. Midi. Il est midi. Il est midi.)
(C'est l'heure de dejeuner.)
(C'est l'heure de dejeuner. C'est l'heure de dejeuner. De dejeuner.)
(C'est l'heure de dejeuner.)
(Qu'est-ce qu'il y a a manger?)
(Qu'est-ce qu'il y a?)
Blonde haired baby standing by the road
A pistol in her hand and talking on the phone
Said go to California, go to California
Sidewalk gazing diamonds in the sky
Silent movie Gods and flashing in your eyes
Said go to California, go to California

Get up get out
Get inside the outside
Get up get out get in
Get up get out
Get inside the outside
Get up get out get in

Lon Chaney calling
Spelling out your name
Where everybody's different
But they're all the same
Yeah go to California, go to California
You are perfect you are insane
We love to watch you break from the pain
Yeah go to California, go to California

Bump and grind
Bump and grind
Away

Hit the lights and
Strip down on the floor
Everybody hates you
But they want some more
Yeah go to California, go to California
It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you
Without a strong rhyme to step to
Think of how many weak shows you slept through
Time's up, I'm sorry I kept you
Thinking of this, you keep repeating you miss
The rhymes from the microphone soloist
And you sit by the radio, hand on the dial, soon
As you hear it, pump up the volume
Dance wit the speaker 'till you hear it blow,
Then plug in the headphone 'cause here it go
It's a 4 letter word when it's heard, it control
your body to dance (You got it) soul,
Ditects the tempo like a red alert
Reaches your reflex, so let it work
When this is playing, you can't get stuck wit
The steps, so get set and I'm a still come up wit
A gift to be swift, follow the leader, the rhyme will go
Def wit the record that was mixed a long time ago
It can be done but only I can do it
For those that can dance and clap your hands to it
I start to think and then I sink
Into the paper like I was ink
When I'm writing, I'm trapped in between the lines,
I escape when I finish the rhyme...
I got soul

You got it (4x)
I know you got soul

Picture a mic, the stage is empty
A beat like this might tempt me
To pose, show my rings and my fat gold chain
Grab the mic like I'm on Soul Train
But I'll wait 'cause I mastered this
Let the others go first so the brothers don't miss
Eric B. break the sticks (you got it)
Rakim will begin when you make the mix
I'll experiment like a scientist
You wanna rhyme, you gotta sign my list
'Cause I'm a manifest and bless the mic I hold
You want it next? then you gotta have soul
'Cause if you ain't got it, I'm a make an encore
Take the mic, make the people respond for
The R, 'cause that's the way it'll have to be
If you wanna get on after me
Think about it, wait, erase your rhyme
Forget it and don't waste your time
'Cause I'll be in the crowd if you ain't controlling it
Drop the mic, you shouldn't be holding it
This is how it should be done
This style is identical to none
Some try to make it sound like this but you're getting me
So upset that I'm wet 'cause you're sweating me
I drip steam like a microphone fiend
Eager to MC is my theme
I get hype when I hear a drum roll
Rakim is on the mic and you know I got soul

You got it (5x)

I got soul (you got it) that's why I came
To teach those who can't say my name
First of all, I'm the soloist, the soul controller
Rakim gets stronger as I get older
Constant elevation causes expansion
I write my rhyme while I cool in my mansion
Then put it on tape and in the city I test it
Then on the radio the R's requested
You listen to it, the concept might break you
'Cause almost anyone can relate to...
Whoever's out of hand, I'm give him handles
Light 'em up, blow 'em out like candles
Or should I just let him melt?
Then give him a hand so they can see how it felt
I'm not bold just cuz I rock gold
Rakim is on the mic and you know I got soul

You got it (4x)

Now I'm a stop to see what you got
Get off the mic before I get too hot
I want to see which posse can dance the best
It should be easy 'cause the beat is fresh
Now if your from Uptown, Brooklyn- bound,
The Bronx, Queens, or Long Island Sound,
Even other states come right and exact,
It ain't where you're from, it's where you're at
Since you came here, you have to show and prove
And do that dance until it don't move
'Cause all you need is soul self-esteem will release,
The rest is up to you, Rakim 'll say peace

You got it (10x)
featuring Raekwon the Chef

* originally appear on the Sunset Park soundtrack

[Sometimes I feel... like a motherless child]
(Yo yo guzzlin forties, let's get it on fella, no doubt)
The wiley Wu-Tang comes back, Iron Man strikes back
(Lou Diamonds, Tony Starks) Raid your whole empire
No doubt!

Verse One: Raekwon the Chef, AKA Lou Diamonds

Rich man, poor man, read the headlines
Nigga getting murdered for spot and bigger dimes
Jobs and drug wars
Living by gun law
Jailcats come home and want to take yours
As the young one, growing up broke me and my people
as the self, huh, I guess we all in the same boat
Think it, plus drinkin that 90-proof
Playin' on the roof sayin'
we need a next man to shoot...

[Sometimes I feel, like a motherless child...]

Verse Two: Ghostface Killer, AKA Tony Starks

Yo, I know a rich kid, who got hit for three bricks
Showin off his 850 plus, what a nice whip
Young blood guzzlin' fourties hussled in a rain
Old Earth, shootin' dope in her veins
He never had it all, the kid loved basketball
Had a favorite song, "I Miss You" written by Aaron Hall
Now back to the original, neighborhood, criminals
Clocking dollars, by the hour like his digital
Styrofoam silencers, he rolled around with the
Wildest niggaz peeling caps known as the Islanders
from Staten, where crazy clips be clappin
Slept in his principal spreads, threads, made of satin
Labeled as the cow he had crazy beef

Seen him at the flicks, he pulled out on Duke, Hez and Latief
But he fucked up, he shoulda kept it real and went for kill
cuz if he don't, these niggaz with black barrels will
But, shit will never calm down, one day downtown
He dropped an ounce off
Money had slept like a nightgown
He rolled up in the Albee Square, relax like he lived in there
Two kids was beamin him, them niggaz from the movie theatre
One had all Guess on, lookin like he had a vest on
The other felly pell tucked with a firearm
Movin slow, baseball hats, crazy down low
Word life God, this bull kag nigga gotta go
Oh shit! Bookhead, just bought a 5, G headed King Tudpea
About the size of Little Maurice
We got to get up baby, no cousin, count to ten
I'm runnin in my first instance, is to return em the time is now
Warfare and pull delf
Remember me, the nigga from the UA and you pulled out
Don't move don't even flinch
Fix em up, drop the head, don't want to get blood in the tux
He burped, I shot him, bitch screamed out I'm robbin him
Had to hit him ten more times make sure I got him
Told the owner lay on the floor, shake the comedy
Randy came out wacked out with a half a shotty
I laughed, grab the King Tud head and the cash
Then he shot my man in the ass and broke mega glass
Damn, had to go out with a blast
I shot my way up out of the Albee fast
[Sometimes I feel, like a motherless child]
Oh shit, what the fuck?
This shit is horrible.
Scared of a bunch of water, then get out the rain
Order a rapper for lunch and spit out the chain
Then kick a lungee of the tip of his timbo
And trick a honey dip into a game of of strip limbo
Odd... He couldn't find no remorse
A wink is as good as a nod to a blind horse
Of course his technique was from a divine source
Never new the price of ice or what swine cost
One guy tried to bite the heat
That's when he discovered the other other white meat
Ohhhh, the one they hate so well
He sure keeps it pyscho like the old bates motel
They came to ask him for a least some new tracks
But only got confronted by the beast with two backs
Knock... Mouse is a made man
Villain laid it down like the best laid plan
velvet the cat who the hell is that near the middle
Got y'all but it's not all bare and skittles
Prepare the viddles, got riddles and spittles
Crystal clear to the jock or the tittle
TSSSS.. It's hot off the griddle
Came to take the cake wether it's a lot or a little
KABOOM... DOOM is nervous large
You could tell by his Blooming room service charge
Dark and tall to boot
The only thing was wrong was he was bald as a coot
Used to rent a van from Peter Pan to red and tan
And keep the human foot for his dead man's hand
This was when the mask was brand spanking new
Before it got rusted from drinking all the brew
[Sniff] Stankin' too, pew
Kept all his earnings in the bank and his shoe
Spat what he knew, energy for true
To all fake rappers, twenty-three skidoo
Excuse you, any room in the class front?
For a blast of the blunt, shrooming since last month
Doom a human in the mask I'm on the stunt
Danger zooming past mad fast on the hunt
Keep the streets, we got the city needing conquered
Discreetly with the city till they be completely bonkered
The fans demanded it, handled it, swallow it
His own brandishing, if only he could bottle it
Hmm.. Nah she could get messy
Feds tried to tortue him for the secret recipe
He said: It's no use, I only know half
No speake de english. I only do the math
Zzzzz. Felt no pain
His brain was saturated with cocaine and Rogaine
He said: Try scan no thing three-card dead fly man
go for bling he got bled
I jam over sting, see spots red
I am "Sofa King, We Todd Ed"
Eat your beets, recycle...recycle...
Don't eat your beets, recycle...recycle

The message is; 'THERE IS NO MESSAGE'
Babe, you better not ever think,
Staring into the drink...get out of my mind...
Cause I may not be the one to say,
is there no other way we could do this another day?

I saw God.
She said...'If you don't believe me, guaranteed you'll never leave me'
On your way, and out of my time
But I didn't even know if it was true or just a result of chemicals

Shut up and think of something more important to say...
'Sometimes I think that in every straight there's a gay!' Something or nothing a whole either way it's a way,
it's a way, it's a way, it's a way, it's a way
EARTH DAY, EARTH DAY, EARTH DAY, EARTH DAY
it's a way, it's a way, it's a way, it's a way
EARTH DAY, EARTH DAY, EARTH DAY, EARTH DAY

It's like your birthday, it's on Earth Day,
Like a child you're born again, little child you're bored again...
It's your worst fucking day, it's on Earth Day...
Little lies to cover up...please make your mind up

(Eat your beets, Recycle...recycle...)
(...Don't eat your beets, recycle...recycle)

Man Overboard (I'm so far away)
Man overboard (I'm so far...)
But fuck it! ...I really don't care
Fuck! Listen to me! Just shut the fuck up!

Peace, Love, Joy
Man overboard (I'm so far...)
Hate, hell, war
Hate, love, love, hate, love, hate...destruction!

So just shut your face and take a seat
Because after all, you're just talking meat...and music?
Well, it's just entertainment folks.

Sometimes I think that I really have something moreto say...
'Sometimes I think that in every straight there's a gay!' ...forgive me for saying it blows either way, it's a
way,
it's a way, it's a way, it's a way, it's a way...

It's your birthday, it's on Earth Day,
Like a child you're born again, little child you're cold again...
It's your worst fucking day, it's on Earth Day
Little child your time is up...please turn the heat up

You need your beets, you recycle...
...Don't eat your beets...recycle...

Man overboard...I'm so far away...
[Intro]
Woke up this mornin', (yeah)
You got yo'self a gun (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Got yo'self a gun

[Nas]
Yo, I'm livin' in this time behind enemy lines
So...

[Chorus]
I got mine, I hope you (got yo'self a gun)
You from the hood I hope you (got yo'self a gun)
You want beef? I hope ya (got yo'self a gun)
And when I see you I'ma take what I want
So, you tried to front, hope ya (got yo'self a gun)
You ain't real, hope ya (got yo'self a gun)

[Verse 1]
My, first album had no famous guest appearances
The outcome: I'm crowned the best lyricist
Many years on this professional level
Why would you question who's better? The world is still mine
Tattoos real with &amp;quot;God's Son&amp;quot; across the belly
The boss of rap, you saw me in &amp;quot;Belly&amp;quot; with thoughts like that
To take it back to Africa, I did it with Biggie
Me and Tupac were soldiers of the same struggle
You lames should huddle, your team's shook
Y'all feel the wrath of a killer, 'cause this is my football field
Throwin' passes from a barrel, shoulder pads apparel
But the Q.B. don't stand for no quarterback
Every word is like a sawed-off blast, 'cause y'all all soft
And I'm the black hearse that came to haul y'all ass in
It's for the hood by the corner store
Many try, many die, come at Nas if you want a war, get it bloody, uh

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Yo, I'm the N the A to the S-I-R
And If I wasn't, I must've been Escobar
You know the kid got his chipped tooth fixed
Hair parted with a barber's preciseness; Bravehearted for life
It's the return of the Golden Child, son of a blue's player
So who are you playa? Y'all awaited the true savior
Puffin' that tropical, cups of that Vodka too
Papi chu', tore up, wake up in a hospital
Throw up? Never, 'member I do this through righteous steps
You Judists thought I was gone, so in light of my death
Y'all been all happy-go-lucky, bunch of sambos
Call me &amp;quot;God's Son&amp;quot;, with my pants low
I don't die slow, put them rags up like Petey Pablo
This is Nasdaq dough, in my Nascar with this Nas flow
Flip the beat back, now it's all reppin'
Hit the record sto', never let me go, get my whole collection, yo

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
It's, the, return of the Prince, the boss
This is real hardcore, Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit's soft
Sip Cris', get chips, wrist gliss, I floss
Stick shift, look sick up in that Boxter Porsche
With the top cut off, rich kids go and cop The Source
They don't know about the blocks I'm on
And everybody wanna know where the kid go? Where he rest at?
Where he shop at and dress at?
Know he got dough, where does he live? Is he still in the bridge?
Does he really know how ill that he is?
Got all of y'all watchin' my moves, my watch and my jewels
Hop in my coupe, dodge interviews like that
It's not only my jewels, ice anything, plenty chains
Look at my tennis shoes, I iced that
Who am I? The back-twister, lingerie-ripper
Automatic leg-spreader, quicker brain-getter
Keepin' it gangsta wit' ya, uh

[Chorus 2x]
Uh! Baby I Love Your Way, everyday, Yeah
Uh baby I love your way, everyday

Shadows grow so long before my eyes
And they're moving across the page
Suddenly the day turns into night
Far away from the city
Well, don't hesitate,
'cause your love just won't wait...

Ooo, baby, I love your way, everyday
Wanns tell you I love your way, everyday
Wanna be with you night and day

The moon appears to shine and light the skies
With the help of some fireflies
I wonder how they have the power to shine
I can see them under the pine
But don't hesitate,
'cause your love won't wait...

Ooo, baby, I love your way, everyday
Wanna tell you I love your way, everyday
Wanna be with you night and day

(solo)

I can see the sunset in your eyes
Brown and grey, blue besides
Clouds are stalking islands in the sun
I wish I could buy one out of season
But don't hesitate,
'cause your love won't wait, just won't wait

Ooo, baby, I love your way, everyday
Wanna tell you I love your way, everyday
Wanna be with you night and day

Ooo, baby, I love your way
Wanna tell you I love your way
Wanna be with you night and day

Ooo, baby, I love your way
Wanna tell you I love your way...
Baby I Love Your Way
Take the baseline out, uh huh
Jigga uh huh uh huh uh huh

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life

From standin' on the corner, Boppin'
To drivin' some of the hottest cars New York has ever seen
To droppin' some of the hottest verses rap has ever heard
From the dope spot, with the smoke glock
Fleein' the murder scene, you know me well
From nightmares of a lonely cell, my only hell
But since when ya'll niggas know me to fail? Fuck Naw
Where all my niggas with the rubber grips, bus shots
And if you with me, ma I rub on ya tits, and what not
I'm from the school of the hard knocks, we must not
Let outsiders violate our blocks, and my plot
Let's stick up the world and split it 50-50, uh huh
Let's take the dough and stay real jiggy, uh huh
Let's sip the Cris and get pissy pissy
Flow infinitely like the memory of my nigga Biggie, baby!
You know its hell when I come through
The life and times of Shawn Carter nigga Volume 2
Ya'll niggas get ready

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life

I flow for those droed out
All my niggas locked in the 10 by 4 controllin' the house
We live in hard knocks we don't take over we bomb blocks
Burn 'em down and you can have 'em back daddy, I'd rather that
I flow for chicks wishin' they ain't have to strip to pay tuition
I see you vision mama; I put my money on the long shots
All my ballers that born to clock
Now I'ma be on top whether I perform or not
I went from lukewarm to hot
from Sleepin' on futons and cots, to king size,
green machinse, to green 5's Ive seen pies
let the thing between my eyes analyze life's ills
Then I put it down tight real
I'm tight grill with the phony rappers, you might feel we homeys
I'm like still you don't know me, shit
I'm tight real when my situation ain't improvin'
I'm tryin' to murder everythin' movin', Feel Me

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life

I don't know how to sleep, I gotta eat, stay on my toes
Got a lot of beef so logically I prey on my foes
Hustlin' still inside of me and as far as progress
You be hard-pressed to find another rapper hot as me
I gave you prophecy on my first joint, and ya'll lamed out
Didn't really appreciate it 'til the second one came out
So I stretched the game out, X'ed your name out
Put Jigga on top, and drop albums non-stop for ya nigga

It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
It's the Hard Knock Life for us
'Stead of treated, we get tricked
'Stead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the Hard Knock Life
It's the Hard Knock Life
It's the Hard Knock Life
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

You only hold me up like this 'cause you don't know who I really am
Sometimes I just want to know what it's like to be you

We're making out inside crashed cars
We're sleeping through all our memories
I used to waste my time dreaming of being alive
(Now I only waste it dreaming of you)

Turn off the lights and turn off the shyness
'Cause all of our moves make up for the silence
And oh, the way your makeup stains my pillowcase
Like I'll never be the same

You only hold me up like this 'cause you don't know who I really am
I used to waste my time on waste my time on
Waste my time dreaming of being alive
(Now I only waste it dreaming of you)

Turn off the lights and turn off the shyness
'Cause all of our moves make up for the silence
And oh, the way your makeup stains my pillowcase
Like I'll never be the same

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

I've got headaches and bad luck but they couldn't touch you, no
I've got headaches and bad luck but they couldn't touch you, no
I'm not trying, you only hold me up like this

Turn off the lights and turn off the shyness
'Cause all of our moves make up for the silence
And oh, the way your makeup stains
Like I'll never be the same

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
[MF Doom]
So nasty that it's probably somewhat of a travesty
Having me daily told the people
"You can call me 'Your Majesty'"
Keep your battery charged
You know it won't stick, yo
And it's not his fault you kick slow

Should've let your trick 'ho chick hold your sick glow
Plus nobody couldn't do nothin' once he let the brick go
And you know I know that's a bunch of snow
The beat is so butter
Peep the slow cutter

As he utters the calm flow (Yo mutha)
Don't talk about my moms, yo
Sometimes he rhyme quick, sometimes he rhyme slow
And vice versa
Whip up a slice of nice verse pie
Hit it on the first try
Villain: The Worst Guy

Spot hot tracks like spot a pair of fat asses
Shots of the scotch from out of square shot glasses
And he won't stop 'till he got the masses
An' show 'em what they know now through flows of hot molasses

Do it like a robot to headspin to boogaloo
Took a few minutes to convince the average bug-a-boo
It's ugly, like look at you! It's a damn shame
Just remember All Caps when you spell the man name

And you know it like a poet, like baby doll
I bet she tried to say she gave me her all, she played ball
All bets off! The Villain got the dice rigged
And they say he accosted the man with the sliced wig

Allegedly, the investigation is still ongoing
In this pesky inition he gots the best con flowin'
The pot doubles, now they really got troubles
Madman never go *pop*!, like snot bubbles
It's two a.m. in the morning and it uhh..
light showers and you're probably hookin up with that girl
that's been, two-wayin you all week. Her baby daddy's out
of town so uhh, you can fuck around. It's okay to check in
that Motel 6. $59.95, not a cent more, for that dirty-ass ho.
Yeah. Stop by that convenience store and pick up them rubbers -
magnum I hope. This is Phazon Love and uhh, I love hoes.
I just don't pay 'em!

[Hook: Jagged Edge]
Cut up! Know we like that, get that cut up
Freaky thangs, we be bout 'em
Get that cut up! Oh-whooooooo, cut up
Freaky thangs, we be bout 'em

[Ludacris]
I'm kinda hopin that maybe you wanna kick it in the L.A.C.
So later on we'll be rollin
Drop-tops I'm hittin yo' hot spots I'm top notch
My niggaz never listen but I told 'em
When I catch you at the game runnin game at the A.U.C.
that later on we'd be bonin
Fat cats I'm ready to tap that so back that
No wonder why you wakin up up swollen

[Twista]
I'm feelin you Luda', smokin my buddha, coochie recruiter
Comin at the fatty in a platinum Caddy so back it up fast
Hit it a hour and a half, watch the spectacular splash
on the back and leave it drippin down the crack of her ass
Call me Mr. Magillicuddy, chasin booty off of silly puddy
Killin for money, still a thug get bump; from some pokin
and locomotion hittin bunnies, for threesome getcha buddy
When I'm feelin scummy I love to cut

[Ludacris]
Tan skin so, butter soft I'm rippin the buttons off yo' - BLOUSE
Smell the aroma of a dingaling king Ludacris when I'm in yo' - HOUSE
Check the ratio of men to women and women to men when down - SOUTH
Hot fellatio, hot jalapenos holla while they in yo' - MOUTH
So we love that k-k-k-k

[Hook]

[Twista]
Now I got the feelin we can cut the hell out each other
And I hope we be the same thang - freaks
We can get the mattress goin eh-err, eh-err
Handlin business while I bang bang - skeet
Wash the dick off and kick off another session again
I can break 'em off in the shower, kitchen flo' or the outdoors
The pieces from the East is the shit
and the flesh in the West is the best
but Twista love them Chicago and South hoes

[Ludacris]
Come up out yo', negligee, freak 'em on a regular day
Cum six times - but it's seven today
Ludacris in the back of your Chev-e-rolet
Ahh, ahh! What's my name?
So magical I come and touch the game
You motherfuckers really lust to gain
Nothin but hatin and a look of disgust
So it's must, stay Adrenaline Rush
Wonderin why they don't be bustin the same

[Twista]
I'm clutchin my thang;
stuffin in it, strokin it down, beat the stuff up
Uh-uh shorty, don't run from it
She give me the booty I'm breakin it off
I can tell a stab by the way that she walk
Fatty flickin like it was dubs on it
Peep how this player got skills, get 'em out the gator high heels
Pullin rubbers and swishers up out your Prada bag
Wanna smoke 'dro I got a bag, take a proper drag befo' I tap it
I love the chicks that got a lotta ass, so we love that k-k-k-k

[Hook]

[Ludacris]
Bubble, bubble bubbles is in the bathtub
Makin you stutter from the b-body butters and backrubs
It's killin me thinkin about the bottles that pop
The models that swallow willin, up under my pillow stayin strapped up
If it tickles in the middle from Mr. Pickles you try to escape
So give me the rope you gettin wrapped up
Rooty tooty so fruity and fresh, I'm fresh and fruity
Ya duty's to figure the booty's gettin slapped up

[Twista]
I love them chicks that be thick as a loaf of bread
Long as I can still grab her legs, and push 'em up by her head
How I dip up in it we can make a video
but I got the radio bumpin Jagged Edge by the bed
When you wanna get up witcha cutty buddy
come on and dip up through the hideout with Twist'
But after we do what we gon' do getcha purse and get together
because now you gots to ride out - bitch!

[Ludacris]
Oh 'Cris, can you - do it again, that's what they askin me
Hit skins, causin catastrophes
Get pinned, while me and my family
Sip gin, fulfillin yo' fantasies
In yo condition I'm wishin you'll take a lickin
and keep on tickin from thicker thighs
Finger lickin never get sick and tired, just take a look in her eyes
and you can tell she's a figure five, so we love that k-k-k-k

[Hook]

[Jagged Edge - repeat 2X]
Cut up, gettin brains, in the Range
We love to cut up cause we like them freaky thangs
I like it when you let me try, anythang
Cause girl I ain't got nothin but time
Let a nigga get a little cut up girl

I come from the eighth planet in the 19th galaxy,
where the royal penis is clean, yo' majesty. Can it be,
Sheila E, Appalonia, Vanity, all mad at me? I'm the
Prince dick of insanity. I'm good lovin, body-rockin,
knockin boots all night long, we not stoppin.
I don't care if the kids watchin, I stir it like motherfuckin
coffee brown sugar. Girls dem sugar. World class lover.
Kama sutra, porno music producer. Tallywhacker is a rock hard
storm trooper with a purple helmet, made for crushin
pink cookies. Goonie goo-goo, we cut bigfoots and wookies;
and fat women, because they need love too.
So go on big girl, whatchu gon' do?
[Ras Luv]
The streets battle grows hottest over hour plays a role of murarder touching evey land or earth like a Harlem Globetrotter With a message it prays tellin brothers to rasie their hands
And take a stand because we all hourstand
You have to bake the cake with grease
and let the battle release and make enough so that we all get a piece
A slice for Mama Do, a slice for Papa Do I come from Uptown and kid that's how we do
I only speak for I.N.I. can't speak for your crew
so why would I watse my time to even stress you
I keep my mind on billed, and plus I keeping some skill Consant thought about the madness can't hear the ldol chatters about
So I escape and take the funk rotue out, histroy's taught me what is all about
My destiny is profilled when I'm over and out
But I'll leave apart of me to cover all my acounts and I'm out

[Pete Rock] Chorus:
You always wanna be in the spotlight (right)
The Center of Attention I also like to mention
I.N.I. rocks the spot
It's like that cuz we keeping it hot

[Rob-O]
Check it out, yo
You see I prefer the player's approach so bust it
joint's bumping lovely, skins is thick like custom plus the weapons that keep me steppin' while I proflex the ( ? ) microphone check-in.
You flow slick for a second
but now It's Rob-O's ditz your sweatin
and at my show, you see theatin.
Why you stressing the tense to quench the strengh of this wiff microphonist,
your bicth attention is the bonest. Midatonest, crusin all this I got rhym goddamn.
Confuse the funk music, rock, and jam.
Pakistan stacks and grands and at the female fans at the Local Thea-ther the vocal creator slash I show blast beacuse you can't fuck with me.
I guess this is the way your luck will be.
Frontin much nevre, with the rep that you can't preserve step to +I+ and '95 you gettin' served the method of Center of Attention

Chorus

[Grap Luva]
Doesn't truly pay to be the Center of Attention the main atraction gettin' all the action
People stoppin' the +I+ with question after question
I spit a few replies and keep with my my self and never in the weapon carrying type but I'll insite a riot oragnize and never quiet
Don't it try it, dissin the +I+ is no use
I bounce like Cashar tape and get loose
Grippin the mic, spittin words I write
Or the pad or the paper or this pretictular caper
Got nuff up's and down's instry clowns
Jealous niggas tryin to keep countin my fingers
But yo, Im a spirtal millionarie dropping bombs
Like King David when he wrote the songs
So what you need to do to listen up remain calm
not riding a wave refuse to be a salve cause I'm the center

Chorus

Ho-low, the Center of Attention
Meccalicous you the Center of Attention
Terence I be the Center of Attention
My man Tito the Center of Attention
Money Tazz you the Center of Attention
And Grand Banga you the Center of Attention
Lou Bizzy you the Center of Attention
Pete Red the Center of Attention
( ? ) you know the Center of Attention you be
Ward G, the Center of Attention you be
G-O the Center of Attention
My man Ropa-loc Center of Attention
Dave Ice is the Center of Attention
My brother Heavy D you the Center of Attention
All the boros be the Center of Attention
Pete Rock you the Center of Attention let's bounce
Well, who's that a-writing? John The Revelator
Who's that a-writing? John The Revelator
Who's that a-writing? John The Revelator
A book of the seven seals.

Tell me what's John a-writing? Ask The Revelator
What's John a-writing? Ask The Revelator
What's John a-writing? Ask The Revelator
A book of the seven seals.


Father, who art worthy, (undecipherable) and holy
Bound up for some, Son of our God
Daughter of Zion, Judas the Lion
He redeemed us, and He bought us with his blood.

CHORUS

John the Revelator, great advocator
Gets'em on the battle of Zion
Lord, tellin' the story, risin' in glory
Cried: Lord, (undecipherable)

CHORUS

Well Moses to Moses, Watching the flock
Saw the bush where they had to stop
God told Moses, pull off your shoes
Out of the flock, a-well a-you I choose

CHORUS

Father, who art worthy, (undecipherable) and holy
Bound up for some, Son of our God
Daughter of Zion, Judas the Lion
He redeemed us, and he bought us with his blood.

CHORUS
If man is the father then the son
Is the center of the earth
In the middle of the universe
Then why is this verse coming
Six times rehearsed
Don't freestyle much so
I write 'em like such
Amongst the fiends
Controlled by the screens
What does it all mean
All this shit I'm seein
Human beings scream vocal javelins
Signs of a local nigga unravelin'
My wandering
Got my ass wondering
Where Christ is
In all this crisis
Hatin' Satan
Never knew what nice is
Check the papers
While I bet on Isis
More than your eyes can see
And ears can hear
Year by year
All the sense disappears
Nonsense perseveres
Prayers laced wit fear
Beware
2 triple 0 is near

It might feel good
It might sound a lil' somethin'
But damn the game
If it don't mean nuttin'
What is game who got game
Where's the game
In life
Behind the game
Behind the game
I got game
She got game
We got game
They got game
He got game
It might feel good
It might sound a lil' somethin
But the fuck the game if it ain't saying nothin'

Damn was it somethin I said
Pretend you don't see
So you turn your head
Race scared of it's shadow
Does it matter?
Thought areparations
Got 'em playin' wit the population
Nothing to lose
Everything's approved
People used
Even murders excused
White men in suits
Don't have to jump
Still there's 1001 ways
To lose wit the shoes
God takes care of ol' folks and fools
While the devil takes care
Of makin' the rules
Folks don't even own themselves
Payin mental rent
To corporate presidents
1 outta 1 million residents
Be a dissident
Who ain't kissin' it
The politics of chains and whips
Got the sick
Missin' chips and championships
What's love got to do
Wit what you got
Don't let a win get to your head
Or a loss to your heart
Nonsense perseveres
Prayers heed wit fear
Beware
2 triple 0 is near

It might feel good
It might sound a lil' somethin
But damn the game
If it don't mean nuttin'
What is game who got game
Where's the game
In life
Behind the game
Behind the game
I got game
She got game
We got game
They got game
He got game
It might feel good
It might sound a lil' somethin
But the fuck the game if it ain't saying nothin

Yeah that's right
Everybody got game
But we just here to let you all know
That PE is in full effect
From right now until the year 2000
Hey yo my man sing it

There's something happening yeah
What it is ain't exactly clear
There's a man with a gun over there
Telling me I've got to be ready
It's time we stop chilling
What's that sound
Everybody look what's going down
It's time we stop chilling
What's that sound
Everybody look what's going down

Hey yo these are some serious times that we living through g
And a new world order is about to begin
You know what I'm saying
Now the question is are you ready
For the real revolution
Which is the evolution of the mind
If you seek then you shall find
That we all prove from the divine
You dig what I'm saying
Now if you take heed
To the words of wisdom
That are written on the walls of life
Then universally we will stand
And divided we will fall
Cause love conquers all
You understand what I'm saying
This is a call to all you sleeping souls
Wake up and take control of your own cipher
And be on the look out for the spirits tonight
Trying to steal your light
You know what I'm saying
Look what beside yourself
For peace
Give thanks
Live life
And release
You dig me
You got me
I'm lying on my head, no I'm not in my bed, just
checkin out the world from a different angle.
That's what happens when you trip on your blindness.
Always seems for some reason that it's happening to me.

Why is it so, and why don't I know?
Why is it so, I can't see the obstacle in front of me.
The obstacle in front of me
Christ I'm falling down again,
it happens tome now and then.
I'm growing up yeah, growing up yeah.
I won't let it fade away, I promise to be strong and brave.
I'm growing up yeah, growing up yeah.

Growing up yeah
Growing up yeah
Growing up yeah

Open up your eyes and maybe then you'll realise,
the truth is in your thoughts you hold
and not the obstacle in front of you.

Why is it so, and why don't I know?
Why is it so, I can't see the obstacle in front of me.
The obstacle in front of me
Christ I'm falling down again,
it happens to me now and then.
I'm growing up yeah, growing up yeah.
I won't let it fade away, I promise to be strong and brave.
I'm growing up yeah, growing up yeah.

Growing up yeah
Growing up yeah
Growing up yeah
Growing up yeah
Growing up yea

Falling down
Falling down
Falling down

Falling down
Falling down
Falling down
Falling down

I'm lying on my head, no I'm not in my bed, just
checkin out the world from a different angle.
That's what happens when you trip on your blindness.
Always seems for some reason that it's happening to me.

Why is it so, and why don't I know?
Why is it so, I can't see the obstacle in front of me.
The obstacle in front of me
Christ I'm falling down again,
it happens to me now and then.
I'm growing up yeah, growing up yeah.
I won't let it fade away, I promise to be strong and brave.
I'm growing up yeah, growing up yeah.

Growing up yeah
Growing up yeah
Growing up yeah
Growing up yeah
Growing up yeah
Growing up yeah

Falling down
Growing up yeah
Falling down
Growing up yeah
Falling down
Growing up yeah
Falling down
Growing up yeah
Falling down
Growing up yeah
Falling down
Growing up yeah
Cold as ice; you know that you are
Cold as ice; as cold as ice to me!
Cold as ice...

Yeah, hahaahaha, OHHHH SHIT! (You're as cold as ice)
YEAH!! (You're willing to sacrifice)
Word the fuck UP! (You're as cold as ice)
You're ICE! (You're willing to sacrifice)
*First Family*
(You're as cold as ice, You're willing to sacrifice)
(You're as cold as ice, You're willing to sacrifice)

I'd like to welcome motherfuckers to the back of the mind of Bill
See I'm for real
When delivering these M.O.P. tactics, I'll bury you bastards
I custom make caskets
The B.G. (told ya nigga) the Y.G. (soldier nigga)
Even the O.G. (cobra nigga) told ya nigga
I may come, with my gun in my hand
to make sure you motherfuckers understand

Pardon me! How the fuck you gonna start with me?
I'm a heavyweight in this game, you just spar with me
You get laced down, from your face down, drop your shit
Niggaz thought M.O.P. stand for "mop" and shit
Don't don't DON'T, get it twisted
I told you that we top of the line designed realistic
For instance, MASH OUT POSSE will come through and clear yo' ass out
dump and air yo' ass out, CHUMP, we cold

(You're as cold as ice) That's right!
(You're willing to sacrifice) SHO' NUFF!
(You're as cold as ice) Yeah!
(You're willing to sacrifice) COME ON!
(You're as cold as ice)
*First Family*
(You're willing to sacrifice)
(You're as cold as ice, You're willing to sacrifice)

A predicate gun buster, I passed all classes
One of the fastest at blasting flashes (BURNT)
You seen my work, you know my steez
It's a slim chance that I'ma hesitate to squeeze, please
Money never made me (no) money never played me (NO NO)
... and Money bet' not make (?) or I break his ass
Subtract his ass when I step through his hood
Fuck dropping you, I'm into stopping you for good

Stop him if you could (You're as cold as ice)
And you'll be, stiff as a log in a suit looking nice
Youse a sinner nigga (you're as cold as ice)
But you ain't cold enough to freeze hot slugs when they run up in ya
You ain't in my class nigga, I'm the last nigga
You gon' fuck around and get blast, sucker ass nigga
The soul survivor, survivor sole
Nigga you roll, and I roll, let's stroll
I told you that I'm cold!

(You're as cold as ice) Yeah!
(You're willing to sacrifice)
(You're as cold as ice) Yeah!
(You're willing to sacrifice)
(You're as cold as ice, You're willing to sacrifice)
(You're as cold as ice, You're willing to sacrifice)

Yo I terrorize guys (EXERCISE) street formulas
At hip-hop shows, cause pandemonium
Shit, I ain't concerned until it's my turn
I snatch a mic jump on the stage and show my ass like Howard Stern
But not in that form (hell nah) I perform
lyrical heatwaves, that'll keep your brain warm
But when it's on, you fuck around and get ripped up
or get placed in a bodybag, with that ass zipped up
Toe tag 'em!

GOT HIM!
Even ballistics won't be able to tell, how the fo'-fo' ragged him
Dragged him, halfway down the block
Now you know where a nigga go when a nigga close a nigga shop
(You're as cold as ice) Fuck you!
Tell me something new
On behalf of the First Family staff, and homicide crews
in control - REAL NIGGAZ WON'T FOLD - I told you we were cold

(You're as cold as ice) Yeah!
(You're willing to sacrifice)
(You're as cold as ice) Yeah
(You're willing to sacrifice)
(You're as cold as ice, You're willing to sacrifice)
(You're as cold as ice, You're willing to sacrifice)
[Chorus: Res - repeat 2X]
Where do we go? What do we say? What do we do?
Nowhere to turn, nowhere to run and there's nothin new
Where do we go for inspiration?
It's like pain is our only inspiration

[Talib Kweli]
Yea, I see a place where little boys and girls
Are shells in the oceans not knowin they a pearl
No one to hold 'em while they growin
They livin' moment to moment without a care in the whole world
Now, if I could help it I tell it just like it is
And I may say some things that you don't like to hear
I know this: that people lie, people kneel
People die, people heal, people steal, and people shed tears
What's real, blood spills, gun kill, the sun still - rise
Above me, trust me, it must be, morning - time
Wake up, the stakes up
Everybody want the cake up, to break up with the crew
But when the karma come back for what you do
It's too late to make up - some excuse

[Chorus]

[Talib Kweli]
I come from people who stronger than time and space
Wherever there's competition you gonna find the race
I find a place in my heart for this hip-hop
And pump blood through my vein my skin get hot
I take you very serious and make you write more
If I don't celebrate I got nothing to fight for
I'm tight raw, excite y'all like nightfall
I'm tight y'all, I walk the street like y'all
About action, talk is cheap, right y'all?
You start yappin' think about the beef you might cause
The trouble you could get into
You don't study, you not prepared and cats is testin you
What you gonna do when you gotta face
The manifestation of the words that you put in space
They already there you cant take 'em out
The studio gangsta inside you tryin' to break out

[Chorus]

[Talib Kweli]
Yea, I see a place where little boys and girls
Are shells in the oceans not knowin they a pearl
No one to hold 'em while they growin
They livin' moment to moment without a care in the whole world
Now, if I could help it I tell it just like it is
And I may say some things that you don't like to hear
I know this: that people lie, people kneel
People die, people heal, people steal, and people shed tears
What's real, blood spills, gun kill, the sun still - rise
Above me, trust me, it must be, morning - time
Wake up, the stakes up
Everybody want the cake up, to break up with the crew
But when the karma come back for what you do
It's too late to make up - some excuse
CHALI
Seldom traveled by the multitude
The devil's gavel has a couple fooled
My culture's screwed
Cuz this word is misconstrued
Small countries exempt from food
Cuz leaders have different views
You choose

AKIL
What mean the world to me is being free
Live and let live and just let it be
(Let it be)
Love peace and harmony
One universal family
One god, one aim, &amp; one destiny

MARC 7
O yea?
Imagine life without a choice at all
Given a vote without a voice at all
These be the problems that we face
I'm talkin poverty and race
But no matter what the case we gotta

CHORUS
Hold on to this feeling
FREEDOM
FREEDOM
Hold on to this feeling
FREEDOM
FREEDOM

SOUP
I'm the first candidate to hate
Had to beat on the drum to communicate
For what was to come to those who were hung
They would decapitate the tongue
If you would mention the word
FREEDOM

CHALI
Got people screamin free Mumia Jamal
But 2 out of 3 of y'all will probably be at the mall
I'm heated with y'all
The defeated will fall
Incomplete &amp; Unsolved
When the word freedoms involved

AKIL
My forefathers hung in trees to be free
Got rid of slavery but still kept the penitentiary
And new freedom got a shotgun
And shells with your name
Release the hot ones
And let freedom reign

SOUP
I'm a former boat prisoner
Hollywood visitor
Dance for cats segregated on wax
My color got me handy
Cap Amos and Andy
For the freedom
They just won't hand me

CHORUS

MARC 7
Cuz there's not a lot of time
Your heart, body, soul and your mind
It's so true it ain't been heard in so long
That's the reason why we name this song

CHORUS

MARC 7
Cuz there's not a lot of time
Your heart, body, soul and your mind
It's so true it ain't been heard in so long
That's the reason why we name this song
&amp;amp;quot;Bring that beat back, bring that beat back!&amp;amp;quot; -&amp;amp;gt; Chuck D
&amp;amp;quot;We gonna do a song, that you heard before..&amp;amp;quot;

[Kane]
Here I am, R-A-W
A terrorist, here to bring trouble to
phony MC's, I move on and seize
I just conquer and stomp another rapper with ease
Cause I'm at my apex and others are below
Nothing but a milliliter, I'm a kilo
Second to none, making MC's run
So don't try to step to me, cause I ain't the one
I relieve rappers, just like Tylenol
And they know it, so I don't see why you all
try to front, perpetratin a stunt
when you know that I'll smoke you up like a blunt
I'm genuine like Gucci, raw like sushi
To stage a rage is what rap did to me
To make me want to create, chaos and mayhem
Cold rock a party, until the A.M.
I'll make a muscle, grab the mic and hustle
While you stand dazed and amazed, I bust a
little rhyme with authority, superiority
And captivate the whole crowd's majority
The rhymes I use definitely amuse
Better than Dynasty, or Hill Street Blues
I'm sure to score adored for more without a flaw
Cause I get RAW!

&amp;amp;quot;R-A-W&amp;amp;quot; (cut and scratched by Mister Cee 4X)

[Kane]
Attact, react, exact, the mack'll move you with
a strong song as long as you groove to this
I keep the crowd loud when you're hyped
Do damage on stage and injure the mic
As I shoot the gift, MC's stand stiff
While my rhymes stick to you like Skippy and Jif
Feel my blunt fist, or my death kiss
The rap soloist - you don't want none of this
Supreme in this era, I reign with terror
When I grab the mic, believe you're gonna hear a
fascinating rhyme, as I enchant them
So let's all sing the Big Daddy anthem
Go with the flow, my rhymes grow like an afro
An entertaining gain, the Kane'll never no
problem, I could sneeze sniffle or cough
Eeee-even if I stutter I'ma still come off
Cause rappers can't understand the mics I rip
They sho' nuff ain't equipped, that's why they got flipped
But my apparatus is up to status
Don't ask who the baddest, or cause static
to make or break or take em, my rhymes hit the head
Put it to bed, so watch what's said
Save the bass for the piper, rearrange your tone
Take a loss and be forced from the danger zone
I get ill and kill at will
Teachin a skill that's real, yeah no frill
Just stand still and chill as I build
Science I drill until my rhymes fill your head up!
&amp;amp;quot;R-A-W&amp;amp;quot; -- don't even get up
Competition shut up, cause I'm RAW!

&amp;amp;quot;Help me!&amp;amp;quot; (cut and scratched 8X by Mister Cee)

[Kane]
The man at hand to rule and school to teach and reach
the blind to find their way from A to Z
and be the most and boast the loudest rap
again, to reign your domain (YEAH KANE)
The heat is on, so feel the fire
come off the empire, all the more higher
Level of depth, one step beyond dope
The suckers all scope and hope to cope but NOPE
cause I never let em on top of me
I play em out like a game of Monopoly
Let em speed around the board like an astro
Then send em to jail for tryin to pass Go
Shakin em up, breakin em up, takin no stuff
but it still ain't loud enough
So let the volume increase, never to cease
I'ma release a masterpiece a slip of the tongue like grease
Rippin the mic to shreds, puttin heads to bed
Code red cause the rhymes is bein said
by the Asiatic printer of raw poetry
No hints or clues, you all know it's me
I go pound for pound and round for round to clown the sound
profound it's bound to go down, UHH
A lyrical knockout, showin I got clout
My comp should just drop out
Cause none of them can see me
I leave em Winan like their name was BeBe or CeCe
I get RAW!
[Tupac]
That's right nigga you gotta get your papers in this motherfucker
I ain't mad at ya at all (damn)
Aiyyo, what the fuck you wanna be when you grow up RahRah?

[RahRah] Nigga, is you stupid, I wanna be a motherfuckin Outlaw
[Tupac] That's right nigga, hahaha.. housin these hoes, you feel me?
[RahRah] Aight, knowhatI'msayin?
[Tupac] You got to do that shit, keepin it real nigga or what?
[RahRah] Keepin it real!
[Tupac] How old are you nigga?
[RahRah] I'm eleven

[Tupac]
Cause all I see is, murder murder, my mind state
preoccupied with homicide, tryin to survive through this crime rate
Dead bodies at block parties, those unlucky bastards
Gunfire now they require may be closed casket
Who can you blame? It's insane what we dare do
Witness an evil that these men do, bitches in, too
In fact they be the reasons niggaz get to bleedin
Pull the fuckin fire when I leave em, you shoulda seen em
Hostile hoes catch elbows (beotch!) negroes disposed of
and snitches get dealt with, with no love
Body bags of adversaries that I had to bury
I broke the law and they jaw, all in the same flurry
But never worry, they'll remember me through history
Causin motherfuckers to bleed, they'll label me a

* Chorus *
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (They came in to sin)
Outlaw, Outlaw, Outlaw (Dear God, I wonder could you save me?)

[Tupac]
Before I close my eyes I fantasize I'm livin well
when I awake and realize I'm just a prisoner in hell
Just as well, cause in my cell I'm keepin pictures of these bastards
Excersisin, visualizin, everyone inside a casket
Picture me blasted, surrounded by niggaz in masks
Sent with the task to harass and murder my ass
Will I last? Heaven or Hell? Freedom or jail?
Shit's hard, who can you tell? Aand if we fail?
High speeds, and thai weed on the freeway
When will they learn to take it easy? Uh
Drivebys and niggaz die, murder without a motive
by making motherfuckers fry
Got me runnin from these coward-ass crooked-ass cops
Helicopters tryin to hover over niggaz til we drop
Got no time for the courts, my only thought is open fire
Hit the district attorney, but fuck that bitch, cause she's a lie
Now it's time to expire, I see the judge, spray the bitch
"Motherfuckers is crooked," is what I scream, and hit the fence
I comense to get wicked, spittin rounds as the plot thickens
Never missin an early grave is my only mission
If I die, never worry, bury me beside my four-five
May God forgive me, I was high, label me a

* Chorus *

[Dramacydal]
Society lied to me, I ain't never gonna try to be
My mob'll be doin robberies, and stickups on these wannabe's
I witnessed niggaz lose they chest
For ordinary reasons niggaz bodies put to rest
So I just.. swallow my Beck's and holla, "Fuck em!"
And if I'm next.. just let a nigga step with somethin
I ain't fearin nuttin

Young and thuggin, prepared for bustin if that's my destiny
Ready for whatever, see you niggaz can't get the best of me
(hold me down) Definitely no need for askin
(now he mad) Top speed (smokin weed) blasted (biotch!)

Cause when I bust em they gonna shiver, the killers cry
Soldiers got bodies floatin in the river, what is they sayin?
Talkin bout prayin -- they need to stop, that ain't gon' help
These niggaz sprayin up my block, tryin to take my wealth

* Chorus 2X *

[Tupac]
Fuck the judge, I gotta grudge
Punk police, niggaz run the streets
Hahah, it ain't nuttin but muuuuzik
Shit's changed
1995 the game has changed, motherfuckers is actin REAL strange
The rules is all rearranged
You got babies lyin dead in the streets
These punk police is crooked as me
but all I see is motherfuckers actin less than G's
Stop bein a playa-hater, be a innovator nigga
Fuck that shit, don't be no entertainer and a stranger
Be a real motherfucker keep it real pack that steel
Cause you know these streets is real deal
Muh'fuckers wanna see me in my casket
Jealous, motherfuckin bastards
I never die, thug niggaz multiply
Cause after me is Thug Life baby
Then the young thugs
Then the youngest thug of all my nigga RahRah
one-two one-two

Chorus:
To fall in love,
with the things you do
don't sell yourself
to fall in love
with those things you do.

(Baatin)
Lady's lovin my music is like some sex shit
niggas trying to grip up my mic like it's a dick
run around the corner to pick up the new shit
toss this in the deck so niggas can catch wreck
I'm the motherfucker gripping the mic like it's a joke
niggas fall in love with the music like its a ho'
Put down your mic you lost your whole goal
you take it too seriously like it's a gamble
Fuck this rap shit i listen to classical
in the studio loop as usual
lovin my lyrical
fuck bitches that you would know
I'm out of this cause you wanna be below
Yall niggas in love with the S
Yall niggas in love with the S

Chorus

(T3)
yeah, jay-dee man i see sometimes,
i sit and wonder when i think about these written rhymes
How'd i get to the point constantly taking all my time?
Time i could of been spending gettin' cash, gettin' mine
Hoping one day it comes around
One day when i'm the nigga gettin' money, gettin' cash, gettin' signed
Getting the fuck out the ghetto, cause i'm tired of crime
But it's a crime that i feel this fucking waste of time
But sometimes i feel like this shit here is a waste of time, yours and mine
To these niggas out here trying to rhyme
Your reason for a better should of been genuine
I do it because it gives me a sort of peace-of-mind
And for the love

Dont sell yourself
(Chorus)

yo, one-two
word up, ah one-two, SV, word up, word up, alright.

(T3)
Uh,uh,uh and to my nigga Jay-Dee uh, uh my nigga T-3 uh, oh
that nigga Baatin uh, uh, thats my crew,
yo, uh, oh this going out to my nigga Bust-a,
and all my other motherfu-cka,
what up to all you trying to bust, us.
Trying to get down with us, cause we know you just mad as hell,
yo i'll give em the mic, ehhh! So niggas don't know that I am,
T-3 on the mic,
i do what i do what i like, to get down right tonight.
(cause?) Cause I get down tonight, yo
niggas try and put up a fight, wit us, yo alright.

some freestyle shit
Written by Lindsey Buckingham. Baby, baby don't treat me so bad I'm the best boy that you ever had You wanna leave now and find a new start It's gonna kill me if you break my heart Ooh, once you let me down again Ooh, you're just bound to see the end Baby, baby don't treat me this way I'm gonna make it again someday There's just one thing I'd like you to know I got no more to lose if you go Ooh, once you let me down again Ooh, you're just bound to see the end
I've been watchin' you from afar,
for as long as I can remember.
You're all a real man can need,
and ever asked for
This is love girl.
This is more than a crush, yeah.

It was Harlem at the Ruckers
I saw ya witcha man
smiling, huh, a coach bag in your hand
I was laying in the Coupe with my hat turned back
we caught eyes for a moment, and that was that
so i skated off, as you strolled off
looking at the legs, god damn, they look so soft (so fine)
I gotta take ya from your man, that's my mission
If this love is real, he's got to handle competition
you only knew him 5 months (that's right)
besides he drink too much, and smoke too many blunts
and I be working out everyday thinking bout you
looking at my own eyes in the rear view
catchin flash backs of our eye contact
wish i could lay ya on your stomach and caress your back
i would hold ya in my arms and ease your fears
I can't believe it, I ain't had a crush in years, hey lover

hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
Lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush (2x)

I see you at the bus stop waitin everyday
your man must think its safe for you to travel that way
and i don't wanna violate your relationship
so i lay back in the cut with a crush that's a trip
still he can't stop me from having day dreams
tounging you down with, huh, vanilla ice cream
kissing on your thighs under the moonlight
searching your body with my tounge girl all night
I wonder one day could it be, simple dreams could turn into reality
Our love would come down so naturally
we would walk down the isle of destiny
what your man got his hustle on gotcha type scared
break ya off a little chump change to do your hair
that seems to be enough to satisfy your needs
but there's a deeper level if you'd follow I'll lead
Hey lover

hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
Lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush (2x)

Last week I saw ya at the mall
standing at the pay phone bout to make a call
I had a vision it was me on the other end
telling you come by and then you walked in
I touched you gently with my hands
we talked about traveling the distant lands
escaping all the madness out here in the world
becomin my wife no longer my girl
then, you let your dress fall down to the floor
i kissed you softly and you yearned for more
we experienced pleasure unparallel
into an ocean of love we both fell
swimming in the timeless, currents of pure bliss
fantasies interchanging with each kiss
undying passion unites our souls
together we swim until the point of no control
but it's a fantasy it won't come true
we never even spoke and your man swear he love you
so I'm gonna keep all these feelins inside
keep my dreams alive until the right time

hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
Lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush
hey lover, hey lover, this is more than a crush (2x)
Verse One:

Follow me into a solo
Get in the flow - and you can picture like a photo
Music mixed mellow maintains to make
Melodies for MC's motivates the breaks
I'm everlastin, I can go on for days and days
With rhyme displays that engrave deep as X-rays
I can take a phrase that's rarely heard, FLIP IT
Now it's a daily word
I can get iller than 'Nam, a killin bomb
But no alarm - Rakim will remain calm
Self-esteem make me super superb and supreme
But for a microphone still I fiend
This was a tape I wasn't supposed to break
I was supposed to wait, but let's motivate
I want to see who can keep followin and swallowin
Takin the making, bitin it and borrowin
Brothers tried and others died to get the formula
But I'ma let ya sweat - you still ain't warm
You a step away from frozen, stiff as if ya posin
Dig into my brain as the rhyme gets chosen
So follow me and were ya thinkin' you were first?
Let's travel at magnificent speeds around the Universe
What could ya say as the Earth gets further and further away
Planets are small as balls of clay
Astray into the Milky Way - world's outasight
Far as the eye can see - not even a satellite
Now stop and turn around and look
As ya stare in the darkness, ya knowledge is took!
So keep starin soon ya suddenly see a star
You better follow it cause it's the R
This is a lesson if ya guessin and if ya borrowin
Hurry hurry step right up and keep followin
The Leader

Verse Two:

This is a lifetime mission, vision of prison
Aight listen
In this journey you're the journal I'm the journalist
Am I Eternal? Or an eternalist?
I'm about to flow long as I can possibly go
Keep ya movin cause the crowd said so
Dance - cuts rip ya pants
Eric B on the blades, bleedin to death - call the ambulance
Pull out my weapon and start to squeeze
A magnum as a microphone murderin' MC's
Let's quote a rhyme from a record I wrote
(follow the leader) Yeah - dope
Cause everytime I stop it seems ya stuck
Soon as ya try to step off ya self-destruct
I came to overcome before I'm gone
By showin and provin and lettin knowledge be born
Then after that I'll live forever - you disagree?
You say never? Then follow me!
From century to century you'll remember me
In history - not a mystery or a memory
God by nature, mind raised in Asia
Since you was tricked, I have to raise ya
From the cradle to the grave, but remember
You're not a slave
Cause we was put here to be much more than that
But we couldn't see it because our mind was trapped
But I'm here to break away the chains, take away the pains
Remake the brains, reveal my name
I guess nobody told you a little knowledge is dangerous
It can't be mixed, diluted; it can't be changed or switched
Here's a lesson if ya guessing and borrowing
Hurry hurry, step right up and keep following
The leader

Verse Three:

A furified freestyle, lyrics of fury
My third eye makes me shine like jewelry
You're just a rent-a-rapper, your rhymes are minute-maid
I'll be here when it fade to watch you flip like a renegade
I can't wait to break and eliminate
On every traitor or snake - so stay awake
and follow and follow, because the tempo's a trail
The stage is a cage, the mic is a third rail
I'm Rakim the Fiend of a Microphone
I'm not HIM, so leave my mic alone
Soon as the beat is felt, I'm ready to go
So fasten your seatbelt, cause I'm about to flow
No need to speed slow down to let the leader lead
Word to daddy, indeed!
The R's a rollin stone, so I'm rollin
Directions is told, then the rhymes are stolen
Stop buggin', a brother said, dig em, I never dug 'em
He couldn't follow the leader long enough so I drug 'em
into danger zone, he should arrange his own
Face it, it's basic, erase it, change ya tone
There's one R in the alphabet
It's a one-letter word and it's about to get
More complex from one rhyme to the next
Eric B be easy on the flex
I've been from state to state, followers tailgate
Keep comin but you came too late, but I'll wait
So back up, regroup, get a grip, come equipped
You're the next contestant - clap ya hands, you won a trip!
The price is right - don't make a deal too soon
How many notes could you name this tune?
Follow the Leader is the title, theme, task
Now ya know, you don't have to ask
Rap is Rhythm And Poetry, cuts create sound effects
You might catch up if you follow the records E. wrecks
Until then keep eatin and swallowin
You better take a deep breath and keep followin
The leader.
AHH!!

[Jadakiss]
They tryin-they comin' for my head po (uh)
They're tryin' to put pressure on a nigga
Huh, short notice (uh-huh)
Got sumpin' for them niggaz though (uh-huh)
Yo

[Verse 1]
I'm like the Dow Jones of rap, my stocks is high
And it never was all of, so stop the lies
Mothaf**kas'll blow your brains out, and watch you bleed
The same niggaz that you trust, let 'em watch your seed
You got a dead niggaz, money don't stop the greed
That's why now I gotta rock my vest, pop my 3
And whoever die first, may god forgive
the nigga who lives, sometimes you gotta handle your biz
To my niggaz when I die, keep inhalin' the lye
And come to my wake high, when your tellin' me bye
What goes around comes around, am I comin' or goin'?
All i'm tryin' to do is leave you numb, gunnin' or flowin'
I might cock-back the gauge, and start shootin' at 'cha people
I'm lookin for the devil 'cuz money's the root of evil
And 'Kiss won't be happy 'til my bezel look see-thru
Until I flood N-Y with pediquo and diesle
Catch me with the top, off my whip
Bust my gun while it's still tucked so you could hop, off my
dick
I run with a few parolees, all thieves, that rocks ice
Blue pacholies and rolies
At the mob meetin', keep quite when the God speakin'
Squeeze my joint, 'til my mothaf**kin' palm squeakin'
And nevermind who the lox'll sign to (that's right)
What difference do it make nigga?
Just listen to the tape nigga (c'mon)

[Chorus]

Jay to the mmwwaa, hustle coke, ryde or die (uh)
Kiss hand-wash money, let it drip dry (uh-huh)
Jay to the mmwwaa, keep cowards on their toes (yeah)
Kiss push the drop, rock the ice, get the hoes (uh)
Jay to the mmwwaa got the smash on the block (uh-huh)
Kiss got the label's tellin' niggaz not to drop (tell 'em)

Everthing you get (uh-huh), you really don't expect (naw)
'Cuz when you Jay to the mmwwaa, you kiss to the death

[Verse 2]
Yeah, Yo, Yo
I wanna know, is the promise land heaven or hell?
'Cuz the niggaz that made promises, most of them fell
If you hungry, then I got some niggaz servin' the shells
With no sauce, and they silver, only take one to kill you
It's a small world, so you better guard your secrets
And it's easy to get money, but it's hard to keep it
Never was the one that like to hound no bitch
All I do is try to keep niggaz around me rich
Screw all-a-y'all cowards, I consider you lames
Had to save my lunch money just to get in the game
That was back when I used-ta have a mean back-spin
And no mack-10, it was just bats then
U know, beat a nigga down, take his rope
Now we-a, heat a nigga down, take his coke
And you can call me if you wanna bye them thangs
I get 'em half-price 'cuz papi know my name
Call me, Jay to the mmwwaa
And everything you got in your livin room, I got in my car
'Cept for the bar
I try to put a little money away
'Cuz you know they say, tommorrow ain't promised today
Either bubblin' or strugglin', nuttin between
Or have a grimie nigga like me, f**kin' ya Queen
And the Kiss only do shit with niggaz I know (that's right)
And the outside nigga can't f**k up my flow (c'mon)

[Chorus]

Jay to the mmwwaa, hustle coke, ryde or die
Kiss hand-wash money, let it drip dry
Jay to the mmwwaa, keep cowards on their toes
Kiss push the drop, rock the ice, get the hoes
Jay to the mmwwaa got the smash on the block
Kiss got the label's tellin' niggaz not to drop
Everthing you get, you really don't expect
'Cuz when you Jay to the mmwwaa, you kiss to the death
Uh
"Get-get.. get down!"

[Nas]
Uh.. uh.. uh..
New York streets where killers'll walk like Pistol Pete
And Pappy Mason, gave the young boys admiration
Prince from Queens and Fritz from Harlem
Street legends, the drugs kept the hood from starvin
Pushin cars, Nicky Barnes was the 70's
But there's a long list of high-profile celebrities
Worldwide on the thorough side of things
Livest kings, some died, one guy, one time
one day grabs me, as I'm about to blast heat
40-side of Vernon, I turned well he asked me
"Whatchu up to, the cops gon' bust you"
I was a teen drunk off brew, stumbled I wondered
if God sent him, cause two squad cars entered the block
and looked at us, I ain't flinch when they watched
I took it upstairs, the bathroom mirror, brushed my hair
Starin at a young disciple, I almost gave my life to what the dice do
Yeah man, throwin them bones
Hopin my ace get his case thrown
His girl ain't wait for him, she in the world straight hoein
While he lookin at centerfolds of pretty girls
showin they little cooch, gangstas don't die he's livin proof
The D.A. who tried him was lyin
A white dude, killed his mother durin the case
Hung jury, now the D.A. is bein replaced
Pre-trial hearin is over, it's real for the soldier
Walks in the courtroom, the look in his eyes is wild
Triple-homicide, I sit in the back aisle
I wanna crack a smile when I see him
Throw up a fist for black power, cause all we want is his freedom
He grabbed a court officer's gun and started squeezin
Then he grabbed the judge, screams out -- nobody leavin everybody

"Get down, get down! Get down, get down!"
{*sample cut and repeated*}

[Nas] Everybody

"Get down, get down! Get down, get down!"
{*sample cut and repeated*}

[Nas]
Some niggaz fuck they enemies in they ass when they catch 'em
Weird-ass niggaz are dangerous, so don't test 'em
They make you, dissapear, this a year that I won't forget
Sold CD's double platinum, met mo' execs
Southern niggaz, independent label, real killers
Know the business, ran Tennessee for years, now they chillin
They had the coke game somethin crazy
Sold music out the trunk of they car, that shit amazed me
Put me onto heron blunts, sherm or somethin
Took a puff, what the fuck, I turned to punch them
Southern niggaz ain't slow, nigga tried to play me
I left from around them dudes, they cool but they crazy
Now I'm back around the old school that raised me
New York gangstas, we loungin, out in L.A. see
A dude wrote my dawg from Pelican Bay
The letter say, "Nas I got your back - the fools don't play"
I rolled with some Crips down to a Crenshaw funeral
Never saw so many men slaughtered and I knew the ho responsible
The nigga still alive in a hospital
Midnight they crept in his room and shot the doctor too
See my cousin's in the game, thuggin and things
He plugged me with a dame who was half-Mexicano
Gave the ass up, I'ma mack daddy Soprano
She passed me the indigo, but the imbecile
Shoulda never tippy-toed, thought my eyes were closed
Openin the hotel room do', to let her goons in
But I moved in a manner, on some Jet Li shit
I let the hammers blow, wet three kids
See honey thought I had somethin to do, with all the drama
Cause I was with a crew, that had her people killed
Called up my cousin, told him I ain't fuckin witchu
He responded cool, but told me out here this how motherfuckers

"Get down, get down! Get down, get down!"
{*sample cut and repeated*}

[Nas] Everybody

"Get down, get down! Get down, get down!"
{*sample cut and repeated*}

[unknown speaker]
All I really gotta say is that
if that's how our people gon' get down, how we ever gon' get up?
How we ever gon' get up if that's how we get down?
A shame when you ain't look at it
My folk is yo' folk, but we all kinfolk
Somebody gotta make a change
Yo, c'mon!
Even if I died a thousand deaths
When I resurrect I'll still be Meth
The jams will still be def
I'm here, me and this mic-phone, we here
And ain't tryin' to hear nothin' cuz we had it up to here
(What?)
Lyrics have no dress code (yeah)
From KRS to Depeche Mode
Hit them so cool you cats cold
Had to jump off, it's about to jump off
My niggaz speak with they hands or the gun talk
Yo RZA, we got the Clan in the front and police at the door
Every exit is laced with C-4 about to blow
Life trial I'm passed out
MC's is like bitches in thongs - they assed out
But me, the M-E-T-H- the O-D
Just too real, I can't be touched and can't feel
The monotony in rap, take a picture of my nut sac
Carbon copy that and send your crew a fax
Motherfucker

1- New and improved Wu-Tang style
Turn it up now, y'all done fucked up now
Spit flames (Five mics)
Peep game (On site)
Bring the pain (All night)
Off the chain (Damn right)

2- [Scratching by RZA]
"It's the Method Man for short Mister Meth"
"Tical-lion"
"Hmmm"

Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, c'mon!
Even if I died a thousand deaths
When I resurrect, through my first born, my name lives on
My words is like a third degree to young emcees
Buzzworthy on your MTV, the Killa Bees
John Jacob, straight up, break up, schemes and plots
Ace up my sleeve, bake up pies in pots
So this is what it's come to (Huh?)
Lickin' shots at them kids that used to punk you (Huh?)
Repetitious rap shit, don't get no air play ya mouth whip
And niggaz can't smoke wit' dry lips so chapped
Bite my shit, I'm like Kojack to get my flow back
In fo' flat, I track you down like a low jack
Spy verse spy, eye for an eye can I penalize the uncivilized
Make 'em civilized
You know right from wrong, so know I'm the bomb
Who don't beef for beats, see the tracks on my arm
Motherfucker

Repeat 1
Repeat 2

Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, c'mon!

Repeat 2
Repeat 2
Repeat 2

Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, c'mon!
*phone number being dialed*
*phone rings three times*
[Biggie] Yo!
[P. Dad] Yo Big wake up wake up baby
[Biggie] Mmm, yo...
[P. Dad] Yo Big wake yo' ass up c'mon
[Biggie] I'm up! I'm up. *mumbling* I'm up I'm up
[P. Dad] Big, wake up!
[Biggie] I'm up diddy, what the fuck, man? What's up?
[P. Dad] C'mon now it's a quarter to six we got the 7:30 flight
[Biggie] Mmm, *mumbling* yeah
[P. Dad] Yo Big Big, Big
[Biggie] Yeah I hear you dogg, I hear you, alright, 7:30
[P. Dad] Yo take down this information
[Biggie] Ain't no pen
[P. Dad] Tell your girl then to remember it or somethin
[Biggie] Aight honey, yeah write this down
[P. Dad] Aight, ummm, flight five-oh-four
[Biggie] Five-oh-four
[P. Dad] Leaving Kennedy
[Biggie] *mumbling* Kennedy
[P. Dad] On the L-A-X
[Biggie] Oh! Cali??
[P. Dad] No doubt baby, you know we gotta get this paper
[Biggie] Ahh, no doubt, aight
[P. Dad] You aight?
[Biggie] I'm up, I'm up
[P. Dad] Yo Big
[Biggie] I'm UP man
[P. Dad] Flight five-oh-four
[Biggie] Alright 7:30 I'ma meet you at the airport
[P. Dad] California
[Biggie] Yeh
*phone clicks*

Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.

When the lala hits ya lyrics just splits ya
Head so hard, that ya hat can't fit ya
Either I'm witcha or against ya
Format venture, back through that maze I sent ya
Talkin to the rap inventor
Nigga wit the game tight, Bic that flame right
Spell my name right, B-I, Double-G, I-E
Iced out lights out, me and Cease-a-Leo
Gettin head from some chick he know
See it's all about the cheddar, nobody do it better
Going back to Cali, strictly for the weather
Women, and the weed -- sticky green
No seeds bitch please, Poppa ain't soft
Dead up in the Hood, ain't no love lost
Got me mixed up, you drunk them licks up
Mad cause I got my dick sucked
and my balls licked, forfeit, the game is mine
I'ma spell my name one more time, check it
Its the, N-O, T-O, R-I, O
U-S, you just, lay down, slow
Recognize a real Don when you see Juan/one
Sippin on booze in the House of Blues

Chorus: repeat 4X

I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali

Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.

If I got to choose a coast I got to choose the East
I live out there, so don't go there
But that don't mean a nigga can't rest in the West
See some nice breasts in the West
Smoke some nice sess in the West, y'all niggaz is a mess
Thinkin I'm gon stop, givin L.A. props
All I got is beef with those that violate me
I shall annihilate thee
Case closed, suitcase filled with clothes
Linens and things, I begin things
People start to flash, 818's, 213's
313's, B.I.G.
Frequently floss hoes at Roscoe's
If I wanna squirt her, take her to Fatburger
Spend about a week on Venice Beach
Sippin Crist-o, with some freaks from Frisco

Chorus

Verse Three: Notorious B.I.G.

Cali got gunplay, models on the runway
Scream Biggie Biggie gimme One More Chance
I be whippin on the freeway, the NYC way
On the celly-celly with my homeboy Lance
Pass hash from left to right
Only got five blunts left to light, I'm set tonight
Paid a visit to Versace stores
Bet she suck until I ain't got no more, only in L.A.
Bust on bitches be-lly, rub it in they tummy
Lick it, say it's yummy, then fuck yo' man
Fuck your plan, is it to rock the Tri-State?
Almost gold, 5 G's at show gate
Or do you wanna see about seven digits
Fuck hoes exquisite, Cali, great place to visit

Chorus

Chorus

Chorus: again to fade
Yea.. Check it out, see
The only thing you need to do right here is,
Is nod ya FUCKIN head
Yeah, yeah
Break ya FUCKIN neck, bitches
Yeah, yeah
Here we go now..

Where we goin now?
Where we goin now?
Give it away, give it away, give it away now
Give it away, give it away, give it away now
Just give it away nigga ( lol )
Yeah, here we go now

[Verse 1]
Tell me what'chu really wanna do (Come here ma)
Talk to a nigga, talk with me
You look like you could really give it to a nigga,
from the way you talk and the way ya try to walk for me
da way you really try to put it on a dawg
Threw ya hips like ya never did before for me
da way you break yo' back, and I break yo' neck,
and the way you try to put it on the floor for me
(Come on!) Come on (Come on!) Oh yeah
Tell me where my niggas is at (Ok!!)
Lemme address y'all niggas one time,
while I lock that down, and I hit'cha wit that (YOU GONE!)
That bomb shit, y'all niggas gone all day
Be the nigga in the drop,
Y'all niggas know every time I come through,
this motherfucker, where we always takin the ride
(So let me do this bitch)
Y'all niggas know when we come, we be makin it flop,
the way we makin it hot'll make a nigga wanna stop... [pause]
Get money, then cash that check for me
All my niggas just bust yo' tech for me
Everybody from every hood bang yo' head,
'til you break your muthafucken neck for me!

[Chorus]
Just let me give you real street shit,
to rap in yo' shit with
Recline yo' seat, rewind this heat
Keep bouncin up and down these streets
So nod yo' head and
break yo neck nigga x3
Bang yo' head until you start to
break yo neck nigga x2

[Verse 2]
Come along now (Let's put it down nigga!)
When I bounce back and you know I done caught my breath,
y'all niggas all know how we do,
when the way we bang nigga in the head, and we do it to death
(We fold 'em back whodi!) The fire boy, you know we bakin a ounce
I know you love the way we be givin you the music, makin you bounce
Now fuck it up just a little for my niggas,
everytime we come through niggas know that we did it for y'all (Uh-huh)
And the way we do it for the people,
niggas know we always give it to ya'll
I said bounce (Come on!)
In the day time or the night, when ya creepin along,
Well just bang this shit up in the truck,
while you break yo' neck, now muthafucker try to figure my flow
See the way we come right through (When we come right through!)
We be always blowin the spot, again and again,
and make a nigga really wanna STOP...[pause]
Better tell yo' crew, yo' peeps,
all my niggas better put they troops on
And gather up your soldiers nigga,
you know you better keep yo' boots on
All my niggas in the place (Aiyyo!)
Wave your hands high now, and the way we put it down,
make a nigga wonder what he really gonna try now
What'cha really wanna do?
Just place your bet, and put'cha money where ya mouth is (Ah-hoo)
All my niggas in the street just break yo' neck and keep on boun-cin!

[Chorus]break yo neck niggax5

[Verse 3]
Here we go, and you know everytime Busta-Bus be holdin the fort,
my nigga watch how we shuttin it down,
The way we put it on, comin through like a steamroller,
me and Dre nigga ain't no fucken around
My nigga (WHAT!) Yeah whattup,
Me and my team got a link cuz you know we stay choppin it up
And when get up in the club,
or how my niggas at the bar how we lockin it up
And we get a little (High!) And we get a little (Drunk!)
And we get a little (Crunk! Come on!)
Lemme give y'all niggas some shit,
that'll make you wanna bang this out yo' trunk (Come on!)
Get money, then cash that check for me
All my niggas just bust yo' tech for me
Everybody from every hood, bang yo' head,
'til you break yo' muthafucken neck for me!

[Chorus] break yo neck niggax5
See, See, See
I'm from the murder capital where we murder for capital

See, See, See
Kanyeeze you did it again you a genius nigga

So you niggas change your attitude b'for they askin what happened to you

[Verse One]
Lord forgive him
He got them dark forces in him
But he also got a righteous cause for sinnin
Them a murder me so i gotta murder them first
Emergency doctors performin procedures
Jesus
I ain't tryin to be facetious
But "Vengance is mine" said the Lord
You said it better than all
Leave niggas on deaths door
Breathin off res-por-rators
for killin my best boy, HATERS
On permanent hiatus as i skate
In the Mabach Benz
Fly this as i'm late
Pumpin "Brown Sugar" by D'Angelo
In Los Angeles
Like an evangelist
I can introduce you to your maker
Bring you closer to nature
Ashes after they cremate you bastards
Hope you been readin your psalms and chapters
Payin your tithes being good Catholics
I'm commin

[Chorus]
See, See, See
I'm from the murder capital where we murder for capital

See, See, See
So you niggas change your attitude 'for they askin what happened to you

[Verse Two]
Yes
This is Holy war
I wet cha all with the Holy water
Spray from the Hetckler Koch auto
Matic all the static shall cease to exist
Like a sematical i throw a couple at you
Take six
Spread love to all of my dead thugs
I'll pour out a little Louie til i head above
Yes Sir
And when i perish
The meek shall inherit the earth
Until that time it's on a poppin Church
Like Don Bishop
The fifth upon cock either
Lift up your soul or give the Holy ghost please
I leave ya in somebodys Cathedral
And stuntin like Evil Kenevil
I'll let you see where that bright light lead you
The more you talk the more you irkin us
The more you gonna need memorial services
The Black Albums second verse is like
Devil's Pie please save some dessert for us

Man i gotta get my soul right
I gotta get these Devils out my life
These cowards gonna make a nigga ride
They won't be happy til somebody dies

Man i gotta get my soul right
'For i'm locked up for my whole life
Evertime it seems it's all right
Somebody want they soul to rise
(I'll chase you off of this Earth)

[Verse Three]
I got dreams of holdin a Nine milla
To Bobs killa
Askin him "why?" as my eyes fill up
These days i can't wake up with a dry pillow
Gone but not forgotten holmes i still feel ya
SO...Curse the day that birthed the bastard
Who caused your Church mass
Reverse the crash
Reverse the blast
And reverse the car
Reverse the day, and there you are
Bob Allah
Lord forgive him we all have sinned
But Bobs a good dude please let him in
And if you feel in my heart that i long for revenge
Please blame it on the sun of the mornin
Thanks Again
Who you tryin' to get crazy with ese?
Don't you know I'm loco?

To the one on the flam,
boy you temper, just toss that ham
In the fryin' pan
Like spam
Feel done when I come in slam
Damn
I feel like the son of sam
Don't make me wreck shit hectic
Next to the chair got me goin' like General Electric
EEEN!
The lights are blinking
I'm thinking
It's all over when I go out drinking
Oh, makin' my mind slow,
That's why I don't fuck wit da big four-o
Bro', I got ta maintain
`Cause a nigga like me is goin' insane

Insane in the membrane
Insane in the brain!
Insane in the membrane
Insane in the brain!

Insane in the membrane
Crazy insane
Got no brain!
Insane in the membrane
Insane in the brain!

Do my shit undercover
Now it's time for the blubba
Blabba
To watch that belly get fatter
Fat boy on a diet
Don't try it
I'll jack your ass like a looter in a riot
My shit's fat like a sumo slammin' that ass
Leavin' your face in the grass
You know
I don't take a dulo
Lightly
Punks just jealous `cause they can't outwrite me
So kick that style: wicked, wild
Happy face nigga never seen me smile
Rip that mainframe
I'll explain
A nigga like me is goin' insane

Insane in the membrane
Insane in the brain!
Insane in the membrane
Insane in the brain!

Insane in the membrane
crazy insane
Got no brain!
Insane in the membrane
Insane in the brain!

Insane in the brain
In the brain
It's because I'm loco

Insane in the brain
In the brain
It's because I'm loco

Insane in the brain
In the brain
Insane
It's because I'm loco

Insane in the brain

Like Louie Armstrong
Played the trumpet
I'll hit dat bong and break ya off something soon
I got to get my props
Cops
Come and try to snatch my crops
These pigs wanna blow my house down
Head underground
To the next town
They get mad
When they come to raid my pad
And I'm out in the nine deuce Cad'
Yes I'm the pirate pilot
Of this ship if I get
Wit' the ultraviolet dream
Hide from the red light beam
Now do you believe in the unseen
Look, but don't make your eyes strain
A nigga like me is goin' insane

Insane in the membrane
Insane in the brain!
Insane in the membrane
Insane in the brain!

Insane in the membrane
crazy insane
Got no brain!
Insane in the membrane
Insane in the brain!

Insane in the brain
It's because I'm loco
Insane in the brain
It's because I'm loco

Insane in the brain
It's because I'm loco
Insane in the brain
It's because I'm loco

"...I think I'm going crazy..."
I got another gang story to tell.
Peep, about how a black nigga was born in hell.
And right then and there it's no hope
cause a nigga can't escape the gangs and the dope.
Damn! And when its black on black, that makes it shitty.
Can't survive in the Compton city.
And fool thats bet.
Cause when you grow up in the hood, you gots ta claim a set.
Geah, Its not that you want to but you have to.
Don't be a mark, cause niggas might laugh you
straight off the mutherfuckin block.
Can't deal with bustas so they asses get clocked.
geah, who gives a fuck about another.
Only got love for my fuckin gang brothers.
Geah but I'm young so nobody would wonder
That the hood would take me under.

[scratching: always strapped and eager to peel a cap
The hood done took me under.]

Now I'm a few ages older
got hair on my nuts and I'm a little bit bolder.
And puttin in work, I has to do my fuckin part,
I'm down for the hood and its planted in the heart.
Fool. At school slappin on the girls asses
Fuck the white education so I skip a lot of classes.
Cause ain't no teaching a nigga white reality.
Teach me the mutherfuckin gang mentality.
Pop pop pop, drops the sucker
if he's from another hood I gots ta shoot the mutherfucker.
Geah I'm in it to win it and can't quit.
Fool, and ready die for this shit.
One times can't fade the gang tuff.
Puttin my foot in your ass to make times rough.
I'm the neighbourhood terror but I never wondered
that the hood would take me under.

Chorus:
+[police is hot, so I'm watching my back...]

I guess I'll watch my back cause niggas jivin'
Times heard this brother pulled a 187.
Who I thought was my homie dropped the dime.
So I gotta peel his cap with the nine.
Fool, so if its on then its on, fuck ya G,
because how the odds are looking, its either him or me.
So I loads up the strap and I step
cause my brain cells are dead and all I think is death.
Revenge. That's what its all about.
See the sucker, take the mutherfucker out.
Stare the fool down with the eye contact.
He try to swing so I draw on him with the gatt.
Blast was the sound that one times heard uh
Nigga 25 to live for the murder.
Was it worth it I've always wondered.
Maybe if the hood didn't take me under.

Geah, this going out to all the niggas,
It's going out to my niggas.
Its going out to all the niggas,
My nigga Mike T
(Rihanna):
You're gonna be a shining star, in fancy clothes, and fancy car-ars.
And then you'll see, youre gonna go far,
Cause everyone knows, just who you are-are.
So live your life, ay ay ay.
Your steady chasing that paper,
Just live your life (Oh!), ay ay ay.
You got no time for no hatas
Just live your life (Oh!), ay ay ay.
No telling where it'll take ya,
Just live your life (Oh!), ay ay ay.
Cause I'm a paper chaser,
Just living my life (Ay!), my life (Oh!), my life (Ay!), my life(Oh!),
just living my life (Ay!), my life (Oh!), my life (Ay!), my life(Oh!),
just living my life

Nevermind what haters say, ignore them til they fade away.
Amazing they ungreat for after all the game I gave away.
Safe to say I paved the way, for you cats to get paid today.
You still be wasting days away, nah had I never saved the day.
Consider them my protg, how much I think they should pay.
Instead of being gracious, they violated and made you wait.
I never been a hater still I love them, yeah I graze the way.
Some say they so yay and no they couldnt even work on Labor day.
It aint that they black or white, their hands of area in shades of grey.
Im West side anyway, even if I left the day it fades away.
Some move away to make a way not move away cause they afraid.
Ill go back to the hood and all you ever did was hate away.
I pray for patience but they make me want to face away.
Like I once made them scream, now I could make them plead their case away.
Been thuggin all my life, cant say I dont deserve to take a break.
If you ever see me catch a case, and watch my future fade away.

(Rihanna):
Youre gonna be a shining star, in fancy clothes, and fancy car-ars.
And then youll see, youre gonna go far,
Cause everyone knows, just who you are-are.
So live your life, ay ay ay.
Your steady chasing that paper,
Just live your life (Oh!), ay ay ay.
You got no time for no hatas
Just live your life (Oh!), ay ay ay.
No telling where itll take ya,
Just live your life (Oh!), ay ay ay.
Cause Im a paper chaser,
Just living my life

(T.I.):
Im the opposite of moderate, immaculately polished with the spirit of a hustler and the swagger of a college kid.
Allergic to the counterfeit, impartial to the politics.
Articulate but still would grab a nigga by the collar quick.
Whoever had problems, they reckonsile they just holla til.
If that dont work and just fails, then turn around and follow til.
I got love for the game but ay, Im not in love with all of it.
I do without the fame and the rappers nowadays are comedy.
The hootin and the hollerin, back and forth with the argueing.
Where you from, who you know, what you make and what kind of car you in.
Seems as though you lost sight of whats important with the positive.
And checks until your bank account, and youre about poverted.
Your values is a disarrayed, prioritized are horribly.
Unhappy with the riches cause you pis-pone morraly.
Ignoring all prior advice and fore warning.
And we might be full of ourselves all of a sudden, arent we?

(Rihanna):
Youre gonna be a shining star, in fancy clothes, and fancy car-ars.
And then youll see, youre gonna go far,
Cause everyone knows, just who you are-are.
So live your life, ay ay ay.
You steady chasing that paper,
Just live your life (Oh!), ay ay ay.
You got no time for no hatas
Just live your life (Oh!), ay ay ay.
No telling where itll take ya,
Just live your life (Oh!), ay ay ay.
Cause Im a paper chaser,
Just living my life (Ay!), my life (Oh!), my life (Ay!), my life(Oh!),
just living my life (Ay!), my life (Oh!), my life (Ay!), my life(Oh!),
So live your life

Tupac:
Shit, tired of getting shot at
Tired of getting chased by the police and arrested
Niggas need a spot where we can kick it
A spot where we belong, that's just for us
Niggas ain't gotta get all dressed up and be Hollywood
You na'mean?
Where do niggas go when we die?
Ain't no heaven for a thug nigga, that's why we go to Thug Mansion
That's the only place where thugs get in free and you gotta be a G
At Thug Mansion

Tupac:
A place to spend my quiet nights, Time to unwind,
so much pressure in this life of mine, I cry at times,
I once contemplated suicide and woulda tried
But when I held that nine all I could see was my mama's eyes
No one knows my struggle, they only see the trouble
Not knowing it's hard to carry on when no one loves you
Picture me inside the misery and poverty
No man alive has ever witnessed struggles I survived
Praying hard for better days, Promised to hold on
Me and my dogs don't have a choice but to roll on
We finally found a spot to kick it
Where we could drink liquor and no one bickers over trick shit
A spot where we could smoke in peace
And even though we Gs,
We still visualize places that we could roll a piece
And in my minds eye, I see this place the players go and pass it
Got a spot for us all, So we can ball
At Thug'z Mansion

(Chorus)
Every corner, every city
There's a place where life's a little easy
Little hennesy, laid back and cool
Every hour, cause it's all good
We've all stressed from the world outside
Every wrong done will be alright
Nothing but peace, love
It's street passion
Every ghetto needs a thug mansion

Nas:
A place where death doesn't reside
Just thugz who collide
Not to start beef
Or spark trees
No cops rollin' by
No policemen
No homicide
No talk on the streets
No reason
For nobody's momma to cry
See I'm a good guy
I'm tryin' to stick around for my daughter
But if I should die
I know all of my albums support her
This whole year's been crazy
Ask the Holy Spirit to save me
Only difference from me and nosy Davis grey hair maybe
Cause I feel like my eyes saw to much sufferin'
I'm just 20 some odd years I haven't lost my mother
And I cry tears of joy
I know she smiles on a boy
I dream of you more
My luck goes to Afeni Shakur
Cause like Anne Jones
She raised a ghetto king in a war
And just for that alone
She shouldn't feel no pain no more
Cause one day we'll all be together
Sipping heavenly champagne
With angels songs, with golden rings
In Thugz Mansion

Chorus

Tupac:
Dear mama don't cry, Your baby boy's doin' good
Tell the homies I'm in heaven and it ain't got hoods
Seen a show with Marvin Gaye last night
It had me shook
Drinking peppermint schnapps with Jackie Wilson and Sam Cook
Then some lady named Billie Holiday sang
Sittin' there kickin' it with Malcolm till the day game
Lil' Latasha sure grown, tell the lady in the liquor store that she's forgiven
So come home
Maybe in time you'll understand, only God can save us
Where Miles Davis cutting lose with the band
Just think of all the people that you knew in the past that passed on
They in heaven found peace at last
Picture a place that they exist, together
There has to be a place better than this, in Heaven
So right before I sleep dear God what I'm asking
Remember this face, save me a place
In Thugz Mansion

Chorus
[Dr. Dre]
Check Check
One, two
One, two
One, two(is it rolling?)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Dr. Dre up in here
Y'all know what this is.
Its what y'all been waiting for
Funk Master Flex,
Big Kap,
Def Jam Records giving it to you baby.
Yo Eminem
Show these mother fuckers what time it is baby!

[Eminem]
I used to be a lonely man, [only mad]
Until I got a million dollars, shit
Now if i only had some fucking hair
I'd pull it, faster than a bullet
out of Tupac's chest
Before the ambulance came too late to do it
I'm trying to grow it back again
It was an accident
I had my back against a fan
Who chopped it off in Amsterdam
I hate the straight jacket it aint latching
They can't lock it
so they stapled my hand
To my pants pockets
The cell's padded and battered like
Someone else had it before me
And just kept throwing them fucking selfs at it
My head is aching
I'm dedicated to medication
but this med is taking to long to bring me this sedadation? (Come on!)
Anyway I got down with Dre (What up?)
The first man who taught me how the glock sounded to spray
Running up and down the street screaming
"Fuck the Police!"
When you still had your mother's fucking Nipple
Stuck in your teeth(fucking baby)
Became a role model after Colorado
Now all they do is follow me around
And holla "BRAVO!!"
Hell yea I punch my bitch and beat my kids in public
Suck my dick, bitch
I'm sick enough to fuck a man in his face but I won't
Cause you'll probably wanna stand in his place
So put a sock in it
With your fake-ass Tupac image
You faggots ain't tough
you just get drunk and become talkative(Wanna Fight?)
I'm probably the akwardest alcoholic talking
Walking like a midget with a ladder in his back pocket
So when you see me on your block
Stumbling, mumbling a bunch of dumb shit
Like my drunk uncle does
I ain't buzzed, I'm just high on life
So why on earth would I need drugs
When I can fly on kites?
Motherfuckers
Slim Shady

[Dr Dre] Dr Dre!
[Eminem] I'm drunk pass the test

[Chorus] (repeat 2X)

[Eminem]
Cause if I get locked up tonite!
Then I might not come home tonite!
[Dr Dre]
Keep it moving! Off and on, Eminem is on
Off and on, Dr. Dre is On

[Eminem]
The whole entire world can sit and twirl like a whirling tire
I set a fucking girl on fire with a curling iron (AHH!)
Psych I'm just joking, for christ sakes
Dont get so bent out of shape
Cause I went out and raped six girlfriends
Some people just don't get it
But I won't let it upset me
Cause they don't know better
They don't know what the fuck its like to be so fed up
and fed so many uppers you're down and won't get up
My mind's got a mind of it's own
Sometimes I can't find it at home
It hides in the stove (Hello, where you at?)
Shit, talk about your brain being baked
My shit's still in the oven on 480 Degrees
Hailey Jade
Daddy loves you baby
Don't ever tell me how to raise my daughter
Fuck you lady!
You critics wanna criticize but couldnt visualize
Individuals lives through a criminal's eyes(fuck it!)
The neighborhood that I grew up in
You could die for nothing
And Dirty Dozen watches over me
So try some dumb shit
I'll have a fucking man raped with a band-aid over his mouth
and shove his head in the fan blade
Don't ever tell me what
I can and what I can't say
Or change cause of the
Age range in my fan base
Like I give a fuck who's buying this shit
Quit fucking buying it
I'm tired bitch
I'm dying to quit
Hip Hop is universal now
It's all commercial now
It's like a circle full of circus clowns up in the circuit now
But now the white kids like it
So they tell me I can buy it
But as soon as I get on the mic it's like the night get silent
Either that or booed, thats why I keep an attitude
And go to sleep with it and wake up with it every afternoon
I'm sick of being judged, fuck it let me see a judge
I'll confess to every murder
I committed since 3 years old

[Chorus] (x1)

[Dr. Dre]
Yo Fuck that
Turn that shit off
Let's get the fuck out of here
You know how we do (echo)
Chorus: Black Thought: (2X)
You can't front, we comin with the shots to pump
We got more cuz it's what you want
Thump it in your section and throughout your section
In your area, throughout your whole section, yo...

Black Thought:
Y'all know the dynasty, the Roots repertoire
The lieutenant from the reservoir, serve the spar
The injurar, preditar of a competitar
I send MCs where the paramedics are
At first, I'm like "nah", I'm nonchalant from afar
Then strike to cut the fake rap star jugular
With irregular balance of the cat burgla-rar
Known to parlay with Garcia Vega cigars
I know the flavor because me and the thugs minds are mutual
We congruent, lay on the corner with the trauma unit
I'm from the lab where the bomb's distibuted
So never try to duplicate the skills executed
Son you'd get electrocuted from the worldwide reputed
Shine like nickel heat that blow your mind when I shoot it
Some know me as the man that's from the Roots crew
Others as the bad lieutenant of Snyder Avenue
We go an eye for an eye
Behead like a samurai that'll command the dynasty until he die
Who will imply that I lack a-biliti?
Make your words known, amplify the u-tiliti
I'm crooked like the "I" on a toxic malt liquor
The land whipper, the Dom Perignon champ sipper
The fifth'll bring it all together like the zipper on a butter leather
The bad lieu a bring the bad weather
So to whoever got riff, let it rest
Reflect, then recollect on the way it was set
It's the veteran architect that flows with the rhythm of sex
Be on the low shotgun in the Lex
With my man low to flex
I'm restin where they handle the Tecs
And the lyrical vandal is next flow
So my man, my mizza, my man
M-ilitant, what's the master plan?
Once again...

chorus:

Malik B.
Peep the oratory, niggaz bore me with theatrics
Moms listen to they daughter story about my packets
The adverse is on your table, stabilize emotion
A soldier at ease, but on post of up most in
Brag and boast in my anecdotes that choke
Invade your whole terrain, you feel the pain provoke
When I breaststroke your wavelength of intensity
My alliance bring forth to you an entity
Your whole vicinity, I contaminate with hate
Got no time to debate, but hold up wait, sit straight
It's in mil, the elicit, you violate, you get a ticket
MCs you can't tell I expel, you get evicted
From out your misery, serve your ass with my delivery
Allah makes the ground you steppin on shivery
Permanent tears run through your thoughts you queers
It's all upstairs, where there's a crowd, table and chairs
For years, been on the mic, I'm like a dike with stairs
When I strike, I stay severe, niggaz stay low in they glare
From over here, my Range Rover square to blast offside
Switch the pitch from southpaw to unorthodox
I shock your brain with the miscellaneous
Who beez the zaniest...nigga with words that are spontaneous?

Black Thought:
A yo, the purpose mainly is to generate the Luther Van
Lyrical contraband, controllin your command and...

chorus:

Black Thought:
All the way live from 2-1-5, all the way live from the 6-1-0
Gettin cash, get the gusto
One time, it's the dynasty flow
Runnin it down the line, it's another
Yeah, you in tune to another ill
5th dynasty production baby (fading out)
[Dialogue borrowed from a &amp;quot;Rocky&amp;quot; movie]
This guy is a bulldozer with a wrecking ball attached
He'll leave a ring around your eye and tread marks on your back
He's an animal
He's hungry
You ain't been hungry, since &amp;quot;Supreme Clientele&amp;quot;
Remember what you first told me when I took ya in
You wanted to be a fighter (Yeah!)
You wanted to be a killer (New York Stand Up)
You wanted to be the Champ! (Got your boy in the booth nigga)
You ain't hungry
Matter of fact I don't want you in my gym
Get out of my ring, you disgust me

[Ghostface Killah]
Godzilla bankroll
Stones from Stilion
Yo I ain't got it all, that means I barely home
Trailblazer stay ballin
Revenge is my arts is crafty darts
While y'all stuck on Laffy Taffy
Wonderin' how y'all niggaz get past me
I been doin this before Nas dropped the Nasty
My wallos I did 'em up
Them bricks I send 'em up
My raps y'all bit 'em up
For that now stick 'em up
Ten Four good buddy Tone got is money up
Worth millions still back your bitch lookin bummy what
Ya'll staring at the angel of death
Liar liar pants on fire You burning up like David Koresh
This is architect music
Verbal street opera pop a 'tec man fully got the projects booming indeed
I ran through the tunnel
Terrorize speed
That's when I was still in the jungle slangin that D

[Spoken over the beat]
Get out my face! No you ain't got no mo?'.
Don't need no has been messin' up my corner
And you better get that mad look off your face 'fore I knock it off
Hey fool you ready for another beating
You should have never came back
Look here man after I crucify him, you next!
And you better have a good doctor to rearrange your face
I'm the Champ!

[Ghostface Killah]
Who want to battle the Don?
I'm James Bond in the Octagon with two razors
Bet cha'all didn't know I had a fake arm
I lost it, wild and raw before rap, I was gettin' it on
Took a fat nigga out in like 40secs
My gun get hard wit a 45 still erects and eagle on
Kangol hat slanted coconut bounce to Morocco
Guerilla medallions like Flavor Flav clock yo
Niggaz want me dead but they scared to step to me
Rip they guts out like a hysterectomy
When beef collide look on the flip by the penitentiary kite
Or get you bumped off from the inside
Jaws is hanging
Frauds is leftin they draws on the floor complaining
Bird ass nigga resemble Keenon Ivory Waynes
Stay in your place dirt born rappers get Shadow box for training ?
Ya'll still eatin bacon

[Spoken over the beat]
Think nobody can; don't give this nigga no statue give him death
I told y'all I wasn't going away
You had your shot no give me mine
Now why don't you tell these folks why you been ducking me, politics man
You think you going to keep me down
They don't want me to have the title
Because I'm not a puppet like that fool up there
Ask his woman she get more pipe from the plumber than in bed
I'm the Champ!

[Ghostface Killah]
I like the deuce of diamonds cutting spades on a glass table
Half a mil on my left ankle
Terry cloth Guess shorts robes is comfortable
Bring me a nice bitch that means I'll fuck with you
My swagger is Mick Jaeger stones is rolling
Prestige is cut to it tis ? spark when weed went up
The Cocoa leaf is slightly damp
Sprouting in the backyard next to Gran duke tomato plants
And jets get charted marquee shit with the cars on it
They head and they earl to the toilet and vomit
Back East summer MC king since Cuban
Pretty Tone Iron Man and Bulletproof and Supreme
Proof and you double deuce in the jeans
My man ? was on the floor with the mother load both of them green
IBF WBC Cruiserweight title shots and Rap belts belong to D.C.

[Spoken over the beat]
Listen I am bad, I said I am bad
I'm a bad man
I'm so bad sometimes I's scare myself
Sometimes I look in the mirror and want to kiss myself I'm so pretty
Now who am I (The Man!)
Now who am I (The Man!)
Who (The Man!)
That's right and don't y'all forget it

Ladies and gentlemen!
The winner by consecutive knockout and still champion of the worlllllllld!
Ghostface Killllllllllllllaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

[cheering in the background]
Yea, yea I'm out that Brooklyn, now I'm down in Tribeca
Right next to DeNiro, but I'll be hood forever
I'm the new Sinatra, and, since I made it here
I can make it anywhere, yea, they love me everywhere I used to cop in Harlem,
All of my Dominicano's right there up on Broadway,
Pull me back to that McDonald's, took it to my stashbox, 560 State St.
Catch me in the kitchen like a Simmons wippin' pastry's
Cruisin' down 8th St., off white Lexus
Drivin' so slow, but BK is from Texas
Me, I'm out that Bed-Stuy, home of that boy Biggie
Now I live on Billboard and I brought my boys with me
Say whattup to Ty-Ty, still sippin' Mai Tai's
Sittin' courtside, Knicks and Nets give me high five
Nigga I be Spike'd out, I could trip a referee
Tell by my attitude that I'm most definitely from
In New York,
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do
Now you're in New York
These streets will make you feel brand new
Big lights will inspire you
Let's hear it for New York, New York, New York
Catch me at the X with OG at a Yankee game
Shit, I made the Yankee hat more famous then a Yankee can
You should know I bleed blue, but I ain't a Crip though
But I got a gang of niggas walkin' with my clique though
Welcome to the melting pot, corners where we sellin' rock
Afrika Bambataa shit, home of the hip-hop
Yellow cab, gypsy cab, dollar cab, holla back
For foreigners it ain't for, they act like they forgot how to act
Eight million stories, out there in it naked
City is a pity, half of y'all won't make it
Me, I got a plug, Special Ed "I Got It Made"
If Jesus payin' Lebron, I'm payin' Dwyane Wade
Three dice cee-lo, three card monte
Labor Day Parade, rest in peace Bob Marley
Statue of Liberty, long live the World Trade
Long live the King yo, I'm from the Empire St. that's
In New York,
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do
Now you're in New York
These streets will make you feel brand new
Big lights will inspire you
Let's hear it for New York, New York, New York
Lights is blinding, girls need blinders
So they can step out of bounds quick, the sidelines is
Lined with casualties, who sip to life casually
Then gradually become worse, don't bite the apple, Eve
Caught up in the in-crowd, now you're in style
End of the winter gets cold, en vogue, with your skin out
City of sin, it's a pity on the whim
Good girls gone bad, the city's filled with them
Mommy took a bus trip, now she got her bust out
Everybody ride her, just like a bus route
Hail Mary to the city, you're a virgin
And Jesus can't save you, life starts when the church end
Came here for school, graduated to the high life
Ball players, rap stars, addicted to the limelight
MDMA got you feelin' like a champion
The city never sleeps, better slip you an Ambien
In New York,
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do
Now you're in New York
These streets will make you feel brand new
Big lights will inspire you
Let's hear it for New York, New York, New York
One hand in the air for the big city
Street lights, big dreams, all lookin' pretty
No place in the world that could compare
Put your lighters in the air everybody say yeah, yeah,
Yea, yea
In New York,
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do
Now you're in New York
These streets will make you feel brand new
Big lights will inspire you
Let's hear it for New York, New York, New York
Hey, nah ya goin miss up on the G-Funk era,
ya know we said things won for Warren G, and soon turned superstar

[Warren G]
11-10-7 D that was my intro
but now in 94, I'm rollin a 64
cuz things get shady where the grass is greener
niggaz throwin up sets in hoods like they neva seen a
young mack daddy do his thing cuz I pack right
I got 44 ways to make you act right
and its a shame how the game must be played
it was told never fold by the niggaz you can't fade
so raise up off this young hog
cuz I heard you punkin some but you can't punk me y'all
I got my own thang cuz I let my nuts hang
if you wanna bring it, bring it on no pain no gain
so as I creep can you peep what I speak
techniques unique, so what you sayin is obsolete
so there it is as I go about my days
I can only bring it to you like this in so many ways

(Chorus)

Hey, hey, hey this is Warren G you know
and I was in Baghdad
before these lil youngstaz was in they Daddy bag
ya know, yeah, they in violation Wayniac so hound em

[Wayniac]
Its all plain and simple
I roll just to serve a lifetime wit my niggaz
idiotic fools can't figure
the way I display or should I say more than that
its crucial when I name how many niggaz got my back
neva lack, the skills when its time to handle mine
you can't front if you wanna but you still know the time
I'm, the nigga that they call Wayniac (what that mean)
I'm the nigga stayin down for the home team
so if you didn't know let me slow ya roll
this pro is on the go with some shit you ain't heard before
so recognize game in your face
a touch of the bass then I'm gone without a trace

(Chorus)

[Warren G]
I stay true to the game
but some stay blind to the fact
that if I don't look good, you dont look good
so please rearrange and change the shit you doin
you fuckin yourself cuz you the one gettin screwed
as I, ease on down the rick road
as I shift from first to second, cruise control
so blaze up the buddha
cuz I got drink, and dont think
we dont roll without a full tank
of that bomb ass shit called the funk
cuz I am the G and the funk is what you want
now, lets take a trip to the other side of town
niggaz flip flop and they neva stay down
wanna be all they can be, but gettin held back
tryin to take what is mine, (what) what type of shit is that?
so, this is for the homies stay down for your pay
I can't only bring it to you like this in so many ways

(Chorus)
[Notorious B.I.G.]
Good evenin ladies and gentlemen
How's everybody doin tonite?
I'd like to welcome to the stage, the lyrically acclaimed, ha
I like this young man, because, when he came out
he came out wit the phrase, he went from ashy to classy
Ha, I like that
So everybody in the house, give a warm, round of applause for
The Notorious B.I.G. *clapping*
The Notorious B.I.G. ladies and gentlemen give it up for him ya'll

Uhhh
A nigga never been as broke as me, I like that
When I was young I had two pair of Lees, besides that
The pin stripes and the gray (uh-huh)
The one I wore on Mondays and Wednesdays
While niggas flirt, I'm sewing tigers on my shirt
and alligators
Ya wanna see the inside, huh, I see ya later
Here come the drama, oh, that's that nigga wit the fake, blaow!
Why you punch me in my face, stay in ya place
Play ya position, here come my intuition
Go in this nigga pocket
Rob him while his friends watchin
That hoes clockin, here comes respect
His crew's your crew, or they might be next
Look at they man eye, BIG man they never try
So we roll wid em, stole wid em
I mean loyalty, niggaz bought me milks at lunch
The milks was chocolate, the cookies, buttercrunch
In here, eyes crossed from blue and white dust
Pass the blunt

[112]
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, pressin what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want, have what you want, be what you want

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Uh-huh, I was a shame, my crew was lame
I have enough heart for most of em
Long as I got stuff from most of em
It's on, even when I was wrong I got my point across
They depicted me the boss, of course
My orange box-cutter make the world go round
Plus I'm fuckin, bitches ain't my homegirls now
Start stackin, dabbled in crack, gun packin
Nickname Medina, make the seniors tote my ninas
From gym class, to Englass, pass off a global
The only nigga wit a mobile, Can't You See like Total
Gettin larger in waist and taste
Ain't no tellin where this felon is headin, just in case
Keep a shell at the tip of ya melon, clear da space
Ya brain was a terrible thing ta waste
Eighty-eight long gates, snatch initial name plates
Smokin spliffs wit niggaz, real life beginner killers
Prayin God forgive us for being sinners, help us out

[112]
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, pressin what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want, have what you want, be what you want

[Notorious B.I.G.]
After realizin, to master enterprisin
I ain't have ta be in school by ten, I was in
Began to encounter, wit my counter-parts
I holla burn the block apart, break it down into sections
Drugs by the selection
Some use pipes, others use in-jec-tions
Syringe sold seperately, Frank the deputy
Quick to grab my Smith-n-Wessun, like my dick was missin
To protect my position, my corner, my layer
While we out here, say the hustlas prayer
If the game shakes me or breaks me
I hope it makes me a better man
Take a better stand
Put money in my moms hand
Get my daughter this college plan, so she don't need no man
Stay far from timid
Only make moves when ya heart's in it
And live the phrase Sky's The Limit
Motherfucker... see you chumps on top

[112]
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, pressin what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want
...
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
what you want, be what you want...
(Devin)
Man I'm so high, I haven't landed yet
Don't know if I will, ever come down from this buzz that I feel
And I also got some kill yep, as if you didn't know
Nine times outa ten I'm ready, steady stayin' blowed
After unloadin' my shawties comin' back from QT
I fire up a doobie, you do you, I do me
There's people concerned about my health but they won't tell me
I don't even try to play it off, shit I know they smell me
(What is he on?) That's what they say when I leave
(What is he smokin' is you sho' it's just weed?)
I used to stay at the crib, seldom come out
'Cus they think my wealth and my health goes together somehow
I tried this, I tried that, I'm hooked on nuttin' but love
So it's hard to say "fuck what people thinkin' of"
I dip in, I dip out, I go here, I go there
And I'm *steady gettin' blowed yeah*

(Hook)
Smokin' weed, feelin' fine, steady gettin' blowed
Makin' niggaz understand and I'm lettin' these hoes know (Devin)
Don't keep steppin', steady stayin' on the scene
Doin' what I want to do
But some say that I'm takin' it to the X-treme

I'm higher, than a thumb tac on a flyer
Of Reeba Macintyre in the hood it's all good
It's understood by my niggaz and I figure they know
If they got a sweet and some heat
I got some weed and gon' blow
I toat across the nation, like a ten year vacation
My fuel tank is low but no I can't run outa patience
Gotta *Vocal Scratch* keep goin'
Let 'em know that I be *steady gettin' blowed yeah*

(Hook)

Man I'm so high. Who am I? Oh yeah, Devin
Cloud-10 was aight but I'm damn near at eleven
Feelin' fine, killin' time well, not exactly
I try to stay uplifted so that bullshit can pass me
Some niggaz think I'm soft, so they try to harass me
Some think I'm smart, some think I'm dumb, some think I'm trashy
Ask me who got that good-good shit I probably know
'Cus I'm *steady gettin' blowed yeah*

(Hook)

*And I'm steady gettin' blowed... steady gettin' blowed*

(Talking)
Gettin' high off whatever you get high off of
Get high off life
Matter fact, whatever your high may be
Get high to the extreme

*And I'm steady gettin' blowed*

You know why? ('Cus I'mon get high)

(Hook)
C'mon man

[News Report]
And with the local DDC news, LL Cool J with a triumphant comeback
[mumbling]
but tonite...

Don't call it a comeback I been here for years
I'm Rockin' my peers Puttin' suckers in fear
Makin' the tears rain down like a monsoon
Listen to the bass go boom
Explosions, overpowerin'
Over the competition, I'm towerin'
Records shock When I drop
these lyrics That'll make you call the cops
Don't you dare stare
You betta move Don't ever compare
me to the rest They'll all get sliced and diced
Competition's payin' the price

(CHORUS)
I'm gonna knock you out
Mama said knock you out
I'm gonna knock you out
Mama said knock you out
I'm gonna knock you out
Mama said knock you out
I'm gonna knock you out
Mama said knock you out

Don't you call this no regular jam
I'm gonna rock this land
I'm gonna take this itty-bitty world by storm
And I'm just getting warm
Just like Mohammad Ali, they called him Cassius
Watch me bash this
Beat like a skull Dontcha know I gotta beef wit'
Why don't you rip with
me, the maniac psycho
Cuz when I pull out my jammy, get ready cuz it might go
Blauh! How do you like me now?
The ripper will not allow
you to get wit' Mr. Smith don't risk
Listen to my gear shift.
I'm blastin', outlastin'
Colors like shaft, so you could say I'm shaftin'
Old English filled my mind
and I came up with the funky rhyme

(REPEAT CHORUS)

Breakdown!!!

Gangsta Boogie Gangsta Boogie
Gangsta Boogie Gangsta Boogie
Gangsta Boogie Gangsta Boogie
Gangsta Boogie Gangsta Boogie
Gangsta Boogie Gangsta Boogie
Gangsta Boogie Gangsta Boogie
Gangsta Boogie Gangsta Boogie
Gangsta Boogie Gangsta Boogie

Shadow boxin' when I heard you on the radio
Uh - I just don't know
What made You forget that I was raw
But now I gotta new toy
I'm going insane Frontin' the hurricane
Releasin' pain
Lettin' you know You can't gain or maintain
Unless you say my name
Rippin' Killin' Diggin' and drillin' a hole
pass the ol' goal

(REPEAT CHORUS)

Shotgun blasts are heard
When I rip and kill at will
The man of the hour, tower of power
I will devour
I'm gonna tie you up and let you understand
That I'm not your average man
When I gotta jammy in my hand
Damn
Ooh
Listen to the way I slay your crew
Damage Damage
Damage Damage
Destruction, terror and mayhem
Pass me a sissy, and suckas I'll slay him
Farmers (WHAT) Farmers (WHAT)
I'm ready! (WE'RE READY) I think I'm gonna bomb a
Town (GET DOWN) Don't you never, ever
Pull my lever
'Cause I explode
And my nine is easy to load
I gotta thank God
'Cause he gave me the strength to rock
Hard... knock you out

(REPEAT CHORUS)
[Whispered]
"Who there, who there."
"Ask that little young maybe here man. I got all fuck goin' on everyday,
what you want man?"

"Hey what's up O.G. showtime man?
"What's up homes."
"Hey man, I've been thinkin' man an' I'm-"
"Been thinkin' about what."
"Hey I'm ready to get put down on this set."
"You ready to get put down on this set?"
"I'm ready to represent shit"
"On this one right here?"
"Yes baby."
"You ready to die for this?"
"I'm ready to die for this nigga."
"What you ready to do ni'"
"An' I'm ready to put in."
"What you [Whack]ready to do! You ready to [Whack]GET yeah! GET IT! GET
IT! [Slap!]Hmmm get it! Yeah. Hit 'im! What set you from now, huh?
Word. What set you from..."

Every nigga out there wanna be down with our crew
Some ain't got enough heart let me ask you
This: Would you be down like a soldier
Loyal
An' do everything I told ya
I can mold ya
Into a warrior
Down for you neighborhood
Glockin' out, do a G with the flavor
Criminal behavior
On the mind
When I got your back
You know I got your back
Each and every time

Throw your set in the air
Come on!
Wave it around like you just don't care
Throw your set in the air
Throw it up homes!
Wave it around like you just don't care

It's time to exit that buster nigga
Get your hands out you pockets and your finger
On the trigger
Lead will fly
We don't die
We multiply
Throw your set up in the sky
I asked you kid
'Cause you can't fuck with this
Nigga, when I got the Glock
Ya better duck quick
'Cause I ain't havin' it
If ya got your gatt
You better start grabbin' it
I can handle it
Soy numero uno
Mero mero
You know I run with Muggs and the Perro
Firin' up that heater
When I'm givin' up my set I got my nina-millametre
Los Scandalous, Killafornia: where I'm from
Dum diddy dum, diddy diddy dum dum
I'm workin' on your ass
Now you know where I'm from
Dum diddy dum, diddy diddy dum dum

Throw your set in the air
Come on!
Wave it around like you just don't care
Throw your set in the air
Throw it up!
Wave it around like you just don't care

Throw your set in the air
Throw up your hood homes!
Wave it around like you just don't care
Come, come on!
Throw your set in the air
Give it up!
Wave it around like you just don't care

"Nigga throw your set in the air, nigga you know what I'm sayin', you
scared, you be takin' your mothafuckin' punk ass to church, 'cause where
I'm from nigga on the East side, every mothafuckin' day is a job, nigga.
You gotta handle your business, because if you don't, your mothafuckin'
gatt will get peeled back! And that ain't no bullshit. If you wanna test
it nigga, bring it on nigga, you know what I'm sayin'. Throw your
mothafuckin' set up in the air."

Let me take you to the dark side of the moon
Tell Mama that you won't be comin' home anytime soon
'Cause I got ya under my thumb nigga
What's that you claimin'?
Better be the same set I'm claimin'
Take a look around
Count this amount
Of soldiers when I'm chillin' on the East side of town
And it won't stop 'till I'm done
Dum diddy dum, diddy diddy dum dum

Throw your set in the air
Come on!
Wave it around like you just don't care
Throw your set in the air
Throw it up!
Wave it around like you just don't care

Throw your set in the air
Throw your hood up!
Wave it around like you just don't care
Throw your set in the air
Get it up!
Wave it around like you just don't care

"Yeah, that's right. We're straight givin' up the hood all day fool.
Cypress Hill mo'fucker what you wanna do? Ah huh. Givin' my shit up in
your FACE fool!"
(riiinnnngggg) &amp;amp;quot;Dont answer that&amp;amp;quot;
&amp;amp;quot;Hello, I'm not at home, leave a message (beep)
&amp;amp;quot;Yo, bitch, this is (beep) pick up the phone, bitch
I know you're in there
you fucking with that old fucking ass 'Face now, huh bitch
Where my motherfucking kids at, bitch
Fucking bitch, punk ass bitch!&amp;amp;quot;

[Scarface]
Hey, today must be my lucky day
I turned the corner, hit the block and seen that ass from a mile away
(now where's she staying?) she must be new in the hood
But I aint trippin' on that shit, cause it's all good

I rolled up on her, and I asked her her name
aint a damn thing changed , aint no shame in my game
she said, &amp;amp;quot; Used to go Thomas&amp;amp;quot;
I slowed my roll, cause she just might be one of my homies' babies mamas

Now where your man at, she said &amp;amp;quot;Gone at work&amp;amp;quot;
Gave me the look, I cracked a smile and thinkin', &amp;amp;quot;Go on and flirt&amp;amp;quot;
My homies women aint no thing to me,
Cause if they caught one of my ho's, they'd do the same to me

And furthermore she was peepin' my ride
convertible, 64, with the ride inside
super clean with the discs and vogues
higher than a fuck spittin' this to hoes:

(CHORUS)
Please excuse my attitude, sorry if I'm being rude
but I've got something to say to you
hoping you wont lose your cool
I wanna sneak you out to play with me,
you can spend the day with me
and we can ride and see the sights
It's going down tonight . . .

[Scarface]
Reminiscing on the bitch that I had back in the day
gave the bitch a call and she hung up in my face
now thats the pits
she didnt have to put up a front
I stuck that ass back in there
and haven't called her for 3 months

I guess it's in me to be doggin' a chic
can't understand how you niggas just be hogging your bitch
Go on and pass her, unass her, send her to the master
Let her take a ride with the Bradster
it cool, dont front ..ooooh, no sex
no sweat-not even on my mind-we just met

And furthermore, we can get to those
But for now I'm rolling 'Raris spitting this to hoes:

CHORUS

[Scarface]
Now I'm cruisin' to the crib with this bitch that I scooped
Parked my Ferrari, now I'm back in the coup
I knocked her boots - your baby's mama put me to work
I tagged that ass from the back, and knocked her shit in the dirt

She wanted me badly so I put it inside
she got the (front, back, and side to side)
back and forth with the gangster glide
started off at 6 and didn't finish till 9

Hit the showers like I been out playing ball for the day
Now she's asleep, cause she just had her drawers full of dick
(now thats sick) and plus she got you staying at home
with the kids all alone while she's gettin' her fuck on
So believe me when you downin' the Brad
I'm at the pad with your baby mama clowning that ass
so player hatin' niggas check the bitch you chose
I'll be mobbing in my 'benz spitting this to ho's:

CHORUS
Smart went crazy, truth went trendy
The story got lazy so I rewrote the ending
Manipulated the entry, more user friendly
Now a city full of pain pills and tattoos defend me

I waver from the dead to the half dead
Grey space between the fan base and the crackhead
Sunset, sailboat set course for hell
A cross and a hammer, but you'll have to get some nails

Take credit, for anything embedded in the edit
As long as you meant it when you said it
And all of the kids laugh, when you admit that
It mighta been witchcraft that made my noose fit bad

Well I'ma act like I don't give a make love
Take what I got to teach everyone to break stuff
I'ma act like there's poison in the pancakes
And amputate the one that wasn't loyal with the handshakes

Proud to know ya, Minnesota missile
Never sold coke and I never had to hold a pistol
Civil and simple, but set the freak show
Loose on the nipple, watch her whole fuckin titty ripple

It's why we battle, it's why we travel
It's why the mascot thinks that I'm an asshole
We made the team without puttin' on a uniform
Smart went nuts and rode a unicorn through the storm

Smart went crazy, but where did you go?
Smart went crazy, but where did you go?
Smart went crazy, but where did you go?
Smart went crazy, where did you go now?

Smart went crazy, kiss Ms. Daisy
Loved you like every night was Christmas, baby
Maybe we can take it back to the way we was
Still on some "what have you done for me lately"

No gravy if the base is porkface
Tourdates ate my big little brother's courtcase
Poor taste got passed up as gourmet
This beer is foreplay, we'll meet up at your place

I sting like a first divorce, or them first Newports
Whatever hurts you more
"You're headed for self destruction" been there, did that
Kick back with the wrong angel to fuck with

Carve my charm into your arms
Fuck around, unravel this tall ball of yarn
Snuck round back to disarm the alarm
From the plantation to the reservation to the farms

And nobody knows where you'll end up
Only guarantee in life is death or a headfuck
Yeah, you thought it was a set up, well guess what
Now, you you can catch up with the rest of my "Best Of"

I got a few blocks left before I reach my destination
And retrieve my breath
And god blessed every step I stole
Just to let me know, she wouldn't ever let me go

Smart went crazy, but where did you go?
Smart went crazy, but where did you go?
Smart went crazy, but where did you go?
Smart went crazy, where did you go now?

Smart went crazy, but where did you go?
Smart went crazy, but where did you go?
Smart went crazy, but where did you go?
Smart went crazy, where did you go now?

Smart went crazy, the rubber bend went snap
This goes to those that hold it down 'til I get back
Hold on to me, grow along with me
I don't know where I'm goin' but I'll end up in your arms

Smart went crazy, the rubber bend went snap
This goes to those that hold it down 'til I get back
Hold on to me, grow along with me
I don't know where I'm goin' but I'll end up in your arms

Smart went crazy, the rubber bend went snap
This goes to those that hold it down 'til I get back
Hold on to me, grow along with me
I don't know where I'm goin' but I'll end up in your arms

Smart went crazy, the rubber bend went snap
This goes to those that hold it down 'til I get back
Hold on to me, grow along with me
I don't know where I'm goin' but I'll end up in your arms
I freak my brazos hardcore down for cleek-hi
whose that enemeny pump through the speaker
who's that rap king gets the party stop jumpin
bass gets to pumpin erooka's get to pumpin
dos chingazos in the moshpit feel for pain
blasting through ha no need for the boo-ya
I hammer with the one knock the last shot through ya
Step to the crowd I feel the strain
because the guero loco hit me here to play baby
so don't get in my way baby
my shit'll pump up a jam, god damn its the baddest

tres delincuente's step into the madness
(horns)

Que ondas muchacho ahi vienes te miro
si me traes bronca me aloco de a tiro
me paro te tumbo, no es tu rumbo
y con el lingo tal vez te confundo
she stay 5 with the 5 foot 10
one blaxican once again with the cocktail pin
as I emerge from the deapths of the realm my son
i got the black gat fat track hope to run
otra vez ya lo ves in the crew somos tres.
one blaxican on the strong you won't test
hittin hard like and Aztec swift like a Zooloo
my manarism miled till the punks get piled
thats what its like when a pump shot through you


me I play the back rode but I'm delinquente
my number one assasin fits the mad funk style
this is how I freak it when I'm speakin to the gente
(horns)

O G freaks the beat the MARIACHIS play
watcha trucha calmate escucha
somos delinquentes tu no quieres lucha
freaky discs, sigo siendo el rey
fade it in snap on a essaw 10
freaky pumpin bass out the carro
produce de mas mojor oG style I can
oh gee he's got more boom boom than Charo
3rd is tres bring cuts to your face
hold down the nino with the penny to his waist
see all the style used to create
i got one turntable and its broke and in the way
(horns)

That's Spanish?
No, uh uh, that, that was Spanish
No, that wasn't Spanish that was English

(I don't know much english but this is pretty bad shit
Verse One: Humpty Hump (Shock G)

All right!
Stop whatcha doin'
'cause I'm about to ruin
the image and the style that ya used to.
I look funny,
but yo I'm makin' money, see
so yo world I hope you're ready for me.
Now gather round
I'm the new fool in town
and my sound's laid down by the Underground.
I drink up all the Hennessey ya got on ya shelf
so just let me introduce myself
My name is Humpty, pronounced with a Umpty.
Yo ladies, oh how I like to funk thee.
And all the rappers in the top ten--please allow me to bump thee.
I'm steppin' tall, y'all,
and just like Humpty Dumpty
you're gonna fall when the stereos pump me.
I like to rhyme,
I like my beats funky,
I'm spunky. I like my oatmeal lumpy.
I'm sick wit dis, straight gangsta mack
but sometimes I get ridiculous
I'll eat up all your crackers and your licorice
hey yo fat girl, c'mere--are ya ticklish?
Yeah, I called ya fat.
Look at me, I'm skinny
It never stopped me from gettin' busy
I'm a freak
I like the girls with the boom
I once got busy in a Burger King bathroom
I'm crazy.
Allow me to amaze thee.
They say I'm ugly but it just don't faze me.
I'm still gettin' in the girls' pants
and I even got my own dance

{Chorus:}
The Humpty Dance is your chance to do the hump
Do the Humpty Hump, come on and do the Humpty Hump
Do the Humpty Hump, just watch me do the Humpty Hump
Do ya know what I'm doin', doin' the Humpty Hump
Do the Humpty Hump, do the Humpty Hump

Verse Two:

People say "Yo, Humpty, you're really funny lookin"
that's all right 'cause I get things cookin'
Ya stare, ya glare, ya constantly try to compare me
but ya can't get near me
I give 'em more, see, and on the floor, B,
all the girls they adore me
Oh yes, ladies, I'm really bein' sincere
'cause in a 69 my humpty nose will tickle ya rear.
My nose is big, uh-uh I'm not ashamed
Big like a pickle, I'm still gettin' paid
I get laid by the ladies, ya know I'm in charge,
both how I'm livin' and my nose is large
I get stupid, I shoot an arrow like Cupid,
I use a word that don't mean nothin', like looptid
I sang on Doowhutchalike, and if ya missed it,
I'm the one who said just grab 'em in the biscuits
Also told ya that I like to bite
Well, yeah, I guess it's obvious, I also like to write.
All ya had to do was give Humpty a chance
and now I'm gonna do my dance.

{Chorus}

Breakdown:

Oh, yeah, that's the break, y'all
Let me hear a little bit of that bass groove right here
Oh, yeah!
Now that I told ya a little bit about myself
let me tell ya a little bit about this dance
It's real easy to do--check it out

Verse Three:

First I limp to the side like my leg was broken
Shakin' and twitchin' kinda like I was smokin'
Crazy wack funky
People say ya look like M.C. Hammer on crack, Humpty
That's all right 'cause my body's in motion
It's supposed to look like a fit or a convulsion
Anyone can play this game
This is my dance, y'all, Humpty Hump's my name
No two people will do it the same
Ya got it down when ya appear to be in pain
Humpin', funkin', jumpin',
jig around, shakin' ya rump,
and when the dude a chump pump points a finger like a stump
tell him step off, I'm doin' my Hump.

{Chorus}

Black people, do the Humpty Hump, do the Humpty Hump
White people, do the Humpty Hump, do the Humpty Hump
Puerto Ricans, do the Humpty Hump, just keep on doin' the hump
Samoans, do the Humpty Hump, do the Humpty Hump

Let's get stoopid!

{Chorus}

Oh, yeah, come on and break it down

Outro:

Once again, the Underground is in the house
I'd like to send a shout out to the whole world,
keep on doin' the Humpty Dance,
and to the ladies,
peace and humptiness forever

{Music and fade}
(Chali 2na)
Yo, this is a lesson in friendship
The depths of a kinship
What women and men begin with, and then slip
My pen drips
As I scribble my thoughts on thin strips
Of emotion
A fraction, seduction, attraction
Eruption of passion
Corrupts if a lasted friendship's involved
But love to cross the line
But that's why we built these walls

(Hook: Nelly Furtado)
We been friends for a long time, a very close friend of mine
Love you like you was mine, but respect a thin line
I love you like you was mine, think about you all the time
Very close friend of mine, but respect a thin line

(Akil)
Opposite's attract
When the female and male come in contact
Sticky situation in fact
Tryin not to let the feelings catch
But there's a thin line between both of y'all
So you respect that
And entertain the idea, but get brought back
To reality, and could you really live with that?
Decision, based on intuition
You love and keep your distance
Hug and kiss in friendship

(Marc 7)
An ongoing kinship, we was people to begin with
Disrespect was not intended
but your feelings sparked the sentence
Sometimes you're too intense in your quest to invent
The perfect man, please understand, my rhyme is your repent

(Hook) - repeat 2X

(Soup)
Man, too bad that we became friends first
I'm not on expert on how relationships should work
But, (echos) from the minute it was known
It changed the whole tone the way we spoke on the phone
Yo, it was cool but I felt it wasn't enough
And I was stuck when your moms would pick it up
Over you, all my buddies would swoon
But I felt we were in tune, you let me up in your room. (Damn)
But to me girl, you're still off limits
No matter all the times that I hinted (Yo, whatchu doin after this?)
Infactuation was authentic, but yo I just pretended
So I wouldn't lose the friendship
Maybe, I should spill all my guts
Or write a letter, then tear it up
Or do a song, just to say what's up
I want ... just ... a touch

(Hook) - repeat 2X

(Nelly Furtado)
I can't do this anymore
See my heart just spills out when you walk in the door
Friendship turns into lust and this only tip
That I can't comprehend even if I knew it
Can't do justice to these things that I'm feeling
You got someone else, don't wanna be caught stealing
Hell if she knew she would never leave us alone
in the roo-ooo-ooom

(Chali 2na)
This was a lesson in friendship
I stress in this sentence
Should women and men be friends first?
And then slip?
My pen drips as I scribble my thoughts on thin strips
of devotion

(Akil)
Opposites attract
And best friends make a perfect match
If you only knew that
Once you cross, ain't no turning back
The minute you let him in it and he hit that
That's that

(Marc 7)
We was people to begin with, but you was too relentless
Jeporidizing kinship, respect is intended
Resolve is my intent
While we got it in
I'm tryin to salvage a friendship

(Hook) - repeat 2X
[DMX]
Uh, uh, uh, uh

[Chorus]
Bring it! What?
We right here
We're not goin anywhere
We right here
This is ours and we don't share
We right here
Bring your crew cuz we don't care
We right here
Uh, uh, uh

[Verse 1]
One mo' time,
I gots to hit the streets off, make the streets talk
Let 'em know it ain't a sweet walk
This gon' be
The only joint made this year that'll knock 'til 2003
And y'all gon' see
That the hottest nigga out there, was, is, and will be me
Just like that
I can go away for a minute, do some other shit, but bounce right back
And when it's on
I'm comin strapped, with some shit that'll spit from dusk 'til dawn
And when you gone
Ain't no comin back in the morning, like that shit was a dream
Nigga you gone
That's for real
Creep niggas like a seal, totin steel, stick a nigga make him squeal
Oh my God
Those can't be the last words of ya man, damn ya man was so hard
Come on!

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Here we go again
How many million did my last one sell? Fuck it, I'm goin for ten
This never gon' stop; and every fuckin time I hit you
it's goin straight to the top of the charts
The champion
I'm a thoroughbred, my blood is strong, and I scratch 'til you done
Cross the line
And ain't no more scratches after that, straight up, niggas is dyin
Yo, what the fuck
Is you cats doin runnin around like this, like you won't get stuck
Yo, that's my word
I stay givin it to niggas, and I stay not really being heard
But, y'all gone see
That the same things thou done to them, will be done to thee
And then you'll know
That sometimes though you come thru the front,
you leavin out the backdo'
Come on!

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Bring the noise
And you better come with niggas you don't give a fuck about,
Cuz you gone lose your boys
Cuz we don't play
And the silencer will silence any cocksucker with somethin to say
Dog for life
Whether I'm on or off the leash I bite, streets are my life
Click click boom {*gunshot*}
Another life taken too soon, another mother had a funeral
Still waters run deep
And the pain is forever alive inside, makes it hard to sleep
But I keep goin, goin
Shit I'm always careful when I walk, I'm always seein, knowin
The dog gone live
Stay walkin the wire, over the fire, when I can I give
The dog is good
And how it's stayin dog gone fuck with the hood
The dog fuck with the wood

[Chorus] 2x

[DMX]
We right here
Uh, uh, uh

[Repeat until fade]
feat. Puff Daddy)
Yeah...
Yeah...
(You ready motherfucker?)
(We gon' kill your ass)

As I grab the glock, put it to your headpiece
One in the chamber, the safety is off release
Straight at your dome homes, I wanna see cabbage
Biggie Smalls the savage, doin your brain cells much damage
Teflon is the material for the imperial
mic ripper girl stripper the Henny sipper
I drop lyrics off and on like a lightswitch
Quick to grab the right bitch and make her drive
the Q-45, glocks and tecs are expected when I wreck shit
Respect is collected, so check it
I got techniques drippin out my buttcheeks
Sleep on my stomach so I don't fuck up my sheets, huh
My shit is deep, deeper than my grave G
I'm ready to die and nobody can save me
Fuck the world, fuck my moms and my girl
My life is played out like a jheri curl, I'm ready to die

As I sit back and look when I used to be a crook
Doin whatever it took from snatchin chains to pocketbooks
A big BAD motherfucker on the wrong road
I got some drugs tried to get the avenue sold
I want it all from the Rolexes
to the Lexus gettin paid, is all I expected
My mother didn't give me what I want, what the fuck?
Now I got a glock, makin motherfuckers duck
Shit is real, and hungry's how I feel
I rob and steal because that money got that whip appeal
Kickin niggaz down the steps just for rep
Any repercussion lead to niggaz gettin wet
The infrared's at your head real steady
You better grab your guns cause I'm ready, ready

I'm ready to die!
(Nah we ain't gon' kill your ass yet)
(We gonna make you suffer)

In a sec I throw the tec to your fuckin neck
Everybody hit the deck, Biggie bout to get some wreck
Quick to leave you in a coffin, for slick talkin
You better act like CeCe, and keep on walkin
When I hit ya, I split ya to the white meat
You swung on like you slumber right you fell to the conrete
Your face, my feet, they meet, we're stompin
I'm rippin MC's from Tallahassee, to Compton
Biggie Smalls on a higher plane
Niggaz say I'm strange deranged because I put the 12 gauge to
your brain
Make your shit splatter
Mix the blood like batter then my pocket gets fatter
after the hit, leave you on the street with your neck split
down your backbone to where your motherfuckin cheek drip
The shit I kick, rip it through the vest
Biggie Smalls passin any test, I'm ready to die!

I'm ready
(Time to go, we gonna put you out your misery motherfucker)
Niggaz definitely know what time it is
The Notorious one in full effect
for ninety-three!
Suicidal, I'm ready!

(Now I lay me down to sleep)
Yeah
(Pray the Lord my soul to keep)
(If I should die before I wake)
(I pray the Lord my soul to take)
(Cause I'm ready to die)

(All y'all motherfuckers come with me if you want to)

(Biggie Smalls the biggest man)
(Rockin on and on in ninety-three, Easy Mo Bee)
(Third Eye, and the rest of the Bad Boy fam)
(I don't wanna see no cryin at my funeral)
Contrary to popular belief, know what yo
This is not a lovesong
It's a sonnett
Damn if feels good to have people up on it but
I'm just a fool playing with the masters tools
Learning how to break the rules of this record company coup
Hallucination - I see with my eyes
But my heart's telling me lies
Why do I fantisize?
Why am I telling lies to the people from the stage
Pretending it's all good when inside it's fire and rage
Cuz I can't understand how a man lives off the life of another man
Tryin to pimp the universe - that's a joke
I stay rockin the boat down on my last note
It's murder she wrote
Assassination vocabulary
I see your termination is heavily necessary
I should have known - they do it for Forbes alone
I do it to break the walls if I fell off then let me know people

[CHORUS]
It's funny how life can go
First you ride high then you might lay low
Don't get high off your own supply
Someone said first before a four comes five
This is my message to the world
Just tryin to reach every boy and girl
Not tryin to say if it's right or wrong
This is not a love song

Lyrical optometrists with 20/20 vision
Are serving rounds like my granny used to serve provisions
Chaotical amneotical fluid
The rap druid is fluent in the art of onomatopoeia
Metaphysical microscopic topic dropper
When I was a kid I wanted rollerskates and a bike chopper
But alas, pop, pop never thought to keep me in style
Thats why I'm schizophrenic now
So God bless the child that has his own
The harvest we reap is what we sow
Chrome microphone - shoot it
Towards a dome of computer digital clones that mimic philosopher stones
Sayin a style's their own when they bite like Mike Furounsville
The sounds ill
Relationship is a mirror
That you see yourself up in and the picture is clearer
Thats why I'm on the scene with a mike like Ernesto Guevara
Why I may exploit with lights like Geraldo Rivera, they just.

[CHORUS]

It's easy not to care what people say
It's harder to pretend and try
Cuz they can only love you from yesterday
I'm looking at them now they pose high
I'm just a man who's walking
They stand around and keep talking
They tried to clip my wings
But wisdom fills so many things
Say it again
I'm just a man who's walking
They stand around and keep talking
They tried to clip my wings
But wisdom fills so many things

It's funny how life can go
Dont get high off your own supply
This is my message to the world....
[Featuring Zev Love X (of KMD)]
[MC Serch]
Aiyyo man, my labelmate Don Newkirk
Man step to him
[Don Newkirk]
Thanks Serch!
And now... for the Prime Minister
Sinister.. Pete.. N-hi-hi-hi-hi-hi-hice!
Nice Nice Nice
[MC Serch]
Kick em in the grill Pete!
Verse One: Pete Nice
Gas, past tense, made facially
3rd Bass'll express, KMD
Three blind mice on sight
Zev Lover, gave it the first light
A grin shows a trick up a sleeve (HUAHAH)
What a tangled web they weave
Deceivers, stupefied through fable
say Let's Make a Deal at the dinner table
Put you on tour, put your record on wax ("Trust me!")
Sign your life on the X
You eXit, X-off, but what you really get:
A box of Newports, and Puma sweats ("damn!")
Tex feeds and frowns upon Emus
To give up Gas Face he drinks from a Thermos
Sub Roc cut at you with a clipper
Gas Face given, I beg to differ
[MC Serch]
Pete that was real def man but I gotta get serious now
Aiyyo Don, step to em again
[Don Newkirk]
Everybody.. MC Serch!
Verse Two: MC Serch
Black cat is bad luck, bad guys wear black
Musta been a white guy who started all that
(Make the Gas Face!) For those little white lies
My expression to the mountainous blue eyes
Then form a face, and shake my skull cap
Dismiss the myth, that evil is not black
but opposite spectrum, this done by red man
with horns on his head, laid down the ill plan
Got all his helpers, said, "Make it snappy!
Tell all the people that their hair can't be nappy!"
Blonde and blue-eyed, or dark-skinned half a G
A disease, created by leprosy
Don't speak of bleach, bend them to right
Say, "It was night WAY before the light"
Put aside spooks, Serch leaves a trace
I've set em correct with the effect of the Gas Face
[MC Serch]
Next up Don
[Don Newkirk]
A *SPECIAL* appearance by KMD's.. Zev, Love, ehhXssss!
Verse Three: Zev Love X
A Gas Face, can either be a smile or a smirk
When appears, a monkey wrench to work one's clockwork
Perkin his brim to the rim of my cup
Don't tempt me, you're empty, so fill'er up!
Is I'm talkin coffee or cocoa, is you loco?
Cash or credit for unleaded at Sunoco
KMD and 3rd Bass is just ace in the hole
I mean soul, so make the Gas Face (HUAHAHA)
Damn, if looks could kill
You look like your host was a ghost from your grill
But still, what's the new fed, to recollect
to our passing phase to facades to Eddie Decker
for my label reads Hood, street might have a tattoo
Don't pick any card or no rabbit from my hat
Never a magician if I ever tricked em
"Oh shit!" Another Gas Face victim
[MC Serch]
There it is, yo fellas man
Why don't you step to the mic man?
[Zev Love X]
That's how I kicks it, for Eddie Decker
[MC Serch]
Aiyyo, good lookin out Don man peace
Punji, yo who gets the Gas Face?
[Punji] Little Vic for the Gas Face
[Serch] Tony Dick, gets the Gas Face
[Zev X] No Gas Faces for Plugs One Two and Three
[Serch] No Gas Face for Professor Prince Pa-paul!
[?] My friend Tina gets the big Gas Face
[Zev X] No Gas Face for DJ Subroc
[Serch] No Gas Face for KMD
[PNice] Hammer, shut the fuck up! Gas Face! AHUAHAUAH!
[all] WHAHAHAOAHH
[PNice] What do we think about Hammer? HAOWAHWOHAHBHABHAHBHAHBBHB
[?] G.Y.P.
[Serch] Get Yours Posse does not get the Gas Face
[Serch] But P. W. Botha gets a Gas Face
[all] WHOAHBLBLAHBHA-WHOO!
[?] Dante Ross gets the Gas Face
[Serch] Yo stop dissin Dante on records y'all!
[Serch] Elroy.. Elroy.. Elroy Cohen, gets the Gas Face!
HAHAhahahahahaha, that's all..
Just do something to tell you who I am, ya know?

Chorus x2
It's high voltage you can't shake the shock
Because nobody wants it to stop, check it out
It's high voltage you can't shake the shock
Because nobody wants it to stop, check it out

I've been digging in the crates
Ever since I was living in space
Before the rat race
Before monkeys had human traits
Mastered numerology
And bigbang theology
Performed lobotomies
With telekinetic psychology
Invented the mic
So I could start blessin it
And chincheckin kids to make my point
Like an impressionist
Many men have tried to shake us
But I'll twist my cords
Through double helixes
And show them what I'm made of
I buckle knees like leg braces
Cast the spell of instrumental-ness
And all of the emcees that hate us
So try on
Leave you without a shoulder to cry on
From now to infinity
Let icons be bygones
I fire bomb
Ghostly notes haunt this
I've tried threats
But moved on to a promise
I stomp shit
With or without an accomplice
Mix media
The stamp of approval is on this

Chorus

Akira
Put a kink in the backbones
Of clones with microphones
Never satisfy my rhyme jones
Spraying bright day
Over what you might say
Blood type krylon technicolor type A
On highways write with road rage
On pages of wind
And cages of tin
That bounce all around
Surround sound
Devouring the scene
Subliminal gangrene paintings
Overall the same things
Sing song karaoke copy madness
Break bones verbally
With sticks and stone tactics
Fourth dimension
Combat convention
Write rhymes at ease
While the tracks stand at attention
Attention
Meant to put you away
With the pencil, pistol, official
16 line rhyme missile
While you risk your all
I pick out of your flaws
Spin, rah blah blah blah
You can say you saw

Chorus 8X

This production has been brought to you courtesy of
Mixed Media
Akira
Mr. Hahn
And
Hybrid Theory...
[Chorus: Dido]

My tea's gone cold I'm wondering why I..
got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window..
and I can't see at all
And even if I could it'll all be gray,
but your picture on my wall
It reminds me, that it's not so bad,
it's not so bad..

[1st Chorus: volume gradually grows over raindrop background]
[2nd Chorus: full volume with beat right after "thunder" noise]

[Eminem as 'Stan']
Dear Slim, I wrote but you still ain't callin
I left my cell, my pager, and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not-a got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
but anyways; fuck it, what's been up? Man how's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her?
I'ma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this everyday, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was fat
Anyways, I hope you get this man, hit me back,
just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan
This is Stan

[Chorus: Dido]

[Eminem as 'Stan']
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad - I just think it's FUCKED UP you don't answer fans
If you didn't wanna talk to me outside your concert
you didn't have to, but you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blistering cold for you,
four hours and you just said, "No."
That's pretty shitty man - you're like his fuckin idol
He wants to be just like you man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like bein lied to
Remember when we met in Denver - you said if I'd write you
you would write back - see I'm just like you in a way
I never knew my father neither;
he used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're saying in your songs
so when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See everything you say is real, and I respect you cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin up
You gotta call me man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan -- P.S.
We should be together too

[Chorus: Dido]

[Eminem as 'Stan']
Dear Mister-I'm-Too-Good-To-Call-Or-Write-My-Fans,
this'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months and still no word - I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters;
I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sending you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doing 90 on the freeway
Hey Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the Night"
about that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drowning
but didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is, you coulda rescued me from drowning
Now it's too late - I'm on a 1000 downers now, I'm drowsy
and all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped +ALL+ of your pictures off the wall
I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you SCREAM about it
I hope your conscience EATS AT YOU and you can't BREATHE without me
See Slim; [*screaming*] Shut up bitch! I'm tryin to talk!
Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin in the trunk
but I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you
cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how'm I supposed to send this shit out?
[*car tires squeal*] [*CRASH*]
.. [*brief silence*] .. [*LOUD splash*]

[Chorus: Dido]

[Eminem]
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner but I just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
and here's an autograph for your brother,
I wrote it on the Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too?
I say that shit just clownin dogg,
c'mon - how fucked up is you?
You got some issues Stan, I think you need some counseling
to help your ass from bouncing off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin just fine
if you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you but Stan
why are you so mad? Try to understand, that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
and had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid
and in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about, his name was.. it was you
Damn!
I don't care if my lady's gone
as long as you give me just what I want.
I've been losin' my direction,
got to find a new connection.

You have wasted the love I tasted,
now I'm really gettin' hungry more and more.
Been a long time, had a bad sign.
Tell me what am I fighting for?

Let me know you feel it,
you know I really need it.
Keep on pushin' for more,
lay down, stay down.
I got something to find,
there's one thing I really need.
I'm gonna tell you right now,
lay down, stay down.

Lookin' for trouble, I guess that's right.
When I was young I was taught to fight.
It's been long gone since I had known,


now I'm headin' for some more.

Let me know you feel it,
you know I really need it.
Keep on pushin' for more,
Lay down, stay down.
I got something to find,
there's one thing I really need.
I'm gonna tell you right now,
lay down, stay down.

Let me know you feel it,
you know I really need it.
Keep on pushin' for more,
lay down, stay down.
I got something to find,
there's one thing I really need.
I'm gonna tell you right now,
lay down, stay down.
Artist: Dr. Dre
Album: The Chronic 2001
Song: The Watcher

[Dr. Dre]
Things just ain't the same for gangsters
Times is changin, young niggaz is agin
Becomin O.G.'s in the game and changin
to make way for these new names and faces but
the strangest things can happen from rappin
when, niggaz get wrapped up in image and actin
Niggaz get capped up and wrapped in plastic
and zipped up in bags when it happens, that's it
I've seen em come, I've watched em go
Watched em rise, witnessed it and watched them blow
Watched em all blossom and watched em grow
Watched the lawsuits when they lost the dough
Best friends and money? I lost them both
Went and visisted niggaz in the hospital
and saw the same shit all across the globe
I just sit back and watch the show (the watcher)

Everywhere that I go
ain't the same as befo' (the watcher)
People I used to know
just don't know me no mo' (the watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (the watcher)
who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (the watcher)

I moved out of the hood for good - you blame me?
Niggaz aim angry at niggaz they can't be
But niggaz can't hit niggaz they can't see
I'm out of sight, now I'm out of they dang reach
How would you feel if niggaz wanted you killed?
You'd probably move to a new house on a new hill
and choose a new spot if niggaz wanted you shot
I ain't a thug - how much Tupac in you you got?
I ain't no bitch neither - it's either my life
or yo' life and I ain't leavin - I like breathin
Cause nigga we can go round for round
Clip for clip, shit fo'pound for pound
Nigga if you really wanna take it there we can
Just remember that you fuckin with a family man
I got a lot more to lose than you, remember that
when you wanna come and fill these shoes (the watcher)

Everywhere that I go
ain't the same as befo' (the watcher)
People I used to know
just don't know me no mo' (the watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (the watcher)
who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (the watcher)

{*GUN SHOT*}

[Dr. Dre]
Things just ain't the same for gangstas
Cops is anxious to put niggaz in handcuffs
They wanna hang us, see us dead or enslave us
Keep us trapped in the same place we raised in
Then they wonder why we act so outrageous
Run around stressed out and pull out gauges
Cause everytime you let the animal out cages
It's dangerous, to people who look like strangers
But now we got a new era of gangsters
Hustlers and youngsters livin amongst us
Lookin at us, now callin us bustaz
Can't help but reminisce back when it was us
Nigga we started this gangsta shit!
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get?
It's funny how time flies
I'm just havin fun, just watchin it fly by (the watcher)

Everywhere that I go
ain't the same as befo' (the watcher)
People I used to know
just don't know me no mo' (the watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (the watcher)
who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (the watcher)

(the watcher)
(the watcher)
(the watcher)
(the watcher)
I[Verse 1: Black Thought]
Knocked up 9 months ago
And what she finna have she don't know
She want neo-soul, this hip-hop is old
She don't want no rock-n-roll
She want platinum or ice or gold
She want a whole lotta somethin' to fold
If you a obstacle she just drop ya cold
Cuz one monkey don't stop the show
Little Mary is bad
In these streets she done ran
E'er since when the heat began
I told the girl look here
Calm down I'ma hold your hand
To enable you to peep the plan
Cuz you is quick to learn
And we can make money to burn
If you allow me the latest game
I don't ask for much, but enough room to spread my wings
And the world finna know my name

[Verse 2: Cody Chesnutt]
I don't ask, for much these days
And I don't bitch, and whine, if I don't get my way
I only wanna fuck another behind my lover's back
I sit and watch it grow standin' where I'm at
Fertilize another behind my lover's back
And I'm keepin' my secrets mine
I push my seed in her bush for life
Its gonna work because I'm pushin' it right
If Mary drops my baby girl tonight
I would name her Rock-N-Roll

[Verse 3: Black Thought]
Uh-huh
Cadillac need space to roam
Where we headin for she don't know
We in the city where the pros shake rattle and roll
And I'm a gaddang rollin' stone
I don't beg I can hold my own
I don't break I can hold the chrome
And this weighin' a ton and I'm a son of a gun
My code name is The Only One and Black Thought is bad
These streets he done ran ever since when the game began
I never played the fool
Matta fact I be keepin' it cool
Since money been changing hands
And I'm left to shine, but the legacy that I leave behind be the seed
that'll keep the flame
I don't ask for much but enough room to spread these wings
And the world finna know my name

[Verse 4: Cody Chesnutt]
I don't beg
For no rich man
And I don't scream, and kick, when his shit don't fall in my hands, man
Cuz I know how to still
Fertilize another against my lover's will
I lick the opposition cuz she don't take no pill
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-no dear
You'll be keeping my legend alive
I push my seed in her bush for life
Its gonna work because I'm pushin' it right
If Mary drops my baby girl tonight
I would name her Rock-N-Roll
Oh-ooh break it down, break it down, break down beat

[break]
I push my seed somewhere deep in her chest
I push it naked cuz I've takin my test
Deliverin' Mary it don't matter the sex
I'm gon' name it rock and roll
I push my seed in her bush for life
It's gonna work becuz I'm pushin it right
If Mary drop my baby girl, tonight
I would name her Rock-N-Roll
I would name her Rock-N-Roll
I would name her Rock-N-Roll yeah
I would name it Rock-N-Roll
L.L. Cool J. is hard as hell
Battle anybody I don't care who you tell
I excel, they all fail
I'm gonna crack shells, Double-L must rock the bells

You've been waitin' and debatin' for oh so long
Just starvin' like Marvin for a Cool J. song
If you cried and thought I died, you definitely was wrong
It took a thought, plus I brought Cut Creator along
Evened up with E-Love down with the Cool J. force
Symbolizin' in the rhymin' for the record of course
I'm a tower full of power with rain and hail
Cut Creator scratch the record with his fingernail
Rock the bells

The king of crowd rockers finally is back
My voice is your choice as the hottest wax
True as a wizard, just a blizzard, I ain't taken no crap
I'm rhymin' and designin' with your girl in my lap
The bass is kickin' always stickin' cause you like it that way
You take a step because it's def and plus it's by Cool J.
Cut Creator on the fader, my right-hand man
We rock the bells so very well cause that's the name of this jam
Rock the bells

Some girl's will like this jam and some girls won't
Cause I make a lot of money and your boyfriend don't
L.L. went to hell, gonna rock the bells
All you washed up rappers wanna do this well
Rock the bells

Now I'm world-wide known, whether you like it or not
My one man band is Cut Creator a.k.a. Philpot
He'll never skip it, only rip it when he's on the fader
What's my d.j.'s name, Cut Creator
Now you know the episode who's on the wheels
He'll drive the cross fader like a cut mobile
So precise with a slice that you know he's greater
What's my d.j.'s name, Cut Creator
Now you know, what do you know, Earl roles the weed
I go to the store and get Old Gold
So all you crabby lookin' nappy headed girls get back
Cause there's a ten to one chance that you might get smacked
Rock the bells

The bells are circulatin' the blood in your veins
Why are girlies on the tip, L.L.'s your name
Cut Creator's good, Cool J. is good-good
You bring the wood pecker, I'll bring the wood
The bells are wippin' and rippin' at your body and soul
Why do you like Cool J., we like rock and roll
Cause it ain't the glory days with Bruce Springsteen
I'm not a virgin so I know I'll make Madonna scream
You hated Michael and Prince all the way, ever sense
If their beats were made of meat, then they would have to be mince
Rock the bells

So listen to the lines of rhyme, I rhyme on time
He'll cut the record in a second, make your d.j. look blind
So all you jerry-curl suckers wearin' high-heel boots
Like ballerinas, what I mean is you're a fruit-loop troop
All you gonna-bes, wanna-bes, when will you learn
Wanna be like Cool J., you gotta wait your turn
Some suckers don't like me, but I'm not concerned
Six-g's for twenty minutes is the pay I earn
I'm growin' and glowin' like a forest blaze
Do you like Michael Jackson, we like Cool J.
That's right, I'm on the mic with the help of the bells
There's no delayin' what I'm sayin' as I'm rockin' you well
Rock the bells
*Schmoove sings for a bit*

[Shock G]
Yeahhh, well we're back with another one
Comin hard and got suckers on the run
You say, &amp;amp;quot;You guys are known for havin fun&amp;amp;quot;
Yeah well we'll do what has to be done for us to be number one
And you ain't never heard nuthin this funky son
You ain't never heard nuthin this funky ever, it's too clever
Rhyme goes through your mind like a guillotine severs
the head, my friend
And you will never hear nobody rap like this again

[Big Money Odis]
You ain't heard nuttin this funky brother, it's like no other
You feel the bass bouncin off the walls like rub-bah
The real McCoy this ain't no toy or another
How do we do it? (Shock G: Yo go ask your mother)
The freak needers, the beat leaders
Let me tell you somethin, you ain't heard nuttin this funky Peter
So listen up as we begin
Aiyyo Fuze rub the record in

[both] cause you ain't heard nuttin this funky (4X)

[Big Money Odis]
The definition of a rhyme breeder, beat needer
We're the cold party heaters, comin through the woofers and the tweeters
Funky dope MC leaders
Rhyme hungry hip-hop listener feeders

[Shock G]
The definition of a rhyme sayer, beat layer
Mothersucker perpetrator slayer
Layin down the law like the Mayor
You're out of luck, Hucklebuck, I'll suck you up like a Now or Later
You say that you're a trooper, then I'm Darth Vader
You're a Cowboy, then I'm a Raider

[Big Money Odis]
You can't compete cause you're incomplete and need to be completed
You're style is weak you're obsolete and need to be deleted
Short on the things that you needed
So what you got a top ten song, cause you cheated

[Shock G]
If you worked in a kitched, it'd be sweeter
From the rappin that I hear, you'd make a better egg beater
A teeter totter, or should I say, totter teeter
You're through, you're a court and we're leaders
We got the style you admire, the rhymes you desire
Well you ain't heard nuttin this slick you trick
cause you're a flick from a Bic and we're a bonfire

[both] cause you ain't heard nuttin this funky (4X)

*some scratching by DJ Fuze*

[Big Money Odis]
Cause I roll up fast, like a cheetah, get out the two-seater
Walk up on a girl named Anita, or Rita
Ask her for change to put money in the meter
Didn't really need it just a smooth way to meet her
or a fly way to treat her
She said, &amp;amp;quot;I'm hungry&amp;amp;quot; so I took her out to feed her
She was a pocket feeder chicken, fajita pita eater
I said, &amp;amp;quot;Yo, eat how ya like&amp;amp;quot; then took her home and G'd her

[Shock G]
The definition of a funky rhyme master
Clevely put together but not necessarily sayin it faster
Ya see, that style isn't hard at all
The object of the game is to have a ball y'all
And to see who can come the funkiest
Lot of MC's think it's just a speed contest
They wanna brag about the neighborhood, oh you wanna boast?
We come from different cities and we're coast to coast ya see
but right now we're based in Oakland (Odis: Oakland)
Everywhere we go we leave the microphone smokin
Yo bro I'm not jokin
Leave MC's standin still with their mouths hangin open
Walk offstage and leave the next act scratchin his head like a monkey
Cause you ain't heard nuttin this funky

[both] Cause you ain't heard nuttin this funky (2X)
[Shock G] Leave a sucker standin still confused
cause he never heard nuttin this funky
[SG+HH] You ain't heard nuttin this funky
[Humpty] Ahh yeah
[Odis] Why don't you tell em Hump
[Od+HH] Cause you ain't heard nuttin this funky
[Humpty] Whassup y'all, Humpty Hump in the house
[Od+HH] Cause you ain't HEARD nuttin this funky
[Odis] Yeah
[Humpty] You know what?
[Od+HH] You ain't heard nuttin this funky
[Humpty] Let me bust a rhyme, c'mon
[Odis] Get in

[Humpty Hump]
You ain't heard nuttin this funky son, we're number one
Humpty Hump in the house, gonna show you how it's done
with professional rhymes, I gotta question for your mind
Have you ever heard anything this funky son?
Intro

Clap your hands everybody, if you got what it takes
Cos I'm KRS and I'm on the mic, and Premier's on The Breaks

Verse 1

If you don't know me by now I doubt you'll ever know me
I never won a Grammy, I won't win a Tony
But I'm not the only MC keepin' it real
When I grab the mic to smash a rapper,
girls go Illlll!
Check the time as I rhyme, it's 1995
Whenever I arrive the party gets liver
Flow with the master rhymer, that's to leave behind
The video rapper, you know, the chart climber
Clapper, down goes another rapper
Onto another matter, punch up the data, Blastmaster
Knowledge Reigns Supreme Over Nearly Everybody
Call up KRS, I'm guaranteed to rip a party
Flat top, braids, bald heads or natty dread
There once was a story about a man named Jed
But now Jed is dead, all his kids instead
Want to kick rhymes off the top of they head
Word, what go around come around I figure
Now we got white kids callin' themselves niggas
The tables turned as the crosses burned
Remember You Must Learn
About the styles I flip and how wild I get
I go on like a space age rocket ship
You could be a mack, a pimp, hustler or player
But make sure live you is a dope rhyme sayer

Verse 2

This is what you waited all year for
The hardcore, that's what KRS is here for
Big up Grand Wizard Theodore, gettin' ill
If you see then ya saw I'm in your grill with mad skill
MC's can only battle with rhymes that got punchlines
Let's battle to see who headlines
Instead of flow for flow let's go show for show
Toe for toe, yo, you better act like you know
Too many MC's take that word 'emcee' lightly
They can't Move a Crowd, not even slightly
It might be the fact that they express wackness
Let me show ya whose ass is the blackest
I flip a script a little bit, you ride the tip and shit
Too sick to get with it, admit you bit, your style is counterfeit
Now tone it down a bit
My title you will never get, I'm too intelligent
I'll send your family my sentiments, my style is toxic
When I rock and shock and hip hop it unlock your head, I knock it
It split quick from the lyric
Direct hit, perfect fit, you can't get with it

Verse 3

Some MC's don't like the KRS but they must respect him
Cos they know this kid gets all up in they rectum
Slappin' and selectin' em, checkin' em, disrespectin' em
Just deckin' em, deckin' em, deck-in' em
Who in their right mind can mimic a style like mine?
I design rhyme and get mine all the time
MC's standin' on the sidelines, always dissin'
When I roll up and rush their crew they start bitchin'
I don't burn, I don't freeze, yet some MC's
Believe they could tangle with the likes of these
Cross your t's and dot your i's whenever I arrive
Wide, magnified, live like the ocean tide
You dope, you lied, I reside like artefacts
On the wrong side of the tracks, electrified
Comin' around the mountain, you run and hide
Hopin' your defence mechanism can divert my heat-seeking lyricism
As I spark mad iszm
The 1996 lyrical style's what I give 'em
Ah yeah, Flipmode
Here we come, bout to fuckin explode
[Busta Rhymes]
Flipmode, Busta Bust
Nine-seven
Hot shit
Check it out

Hit you with no delayin so what you sayin yo
Silly with my nine milly what the deally yo
When I be on the mic yes I do my duty yo
Wild up in the club like we wild in the studio
You don't want to violate nigga really and truly yo
My main thug nigga named Julio he moody yo
Type of nigga that'll slap you with the tooly yo
Bitch nigga scared to death act fruity yo
Fuck that, look at shorty she a little cutie yo
The way she shake it make me want to get all in the booty yo
Tap mistress, into bangin bitches in videos
Wildin' with my freak like we up in the freak shows
Hit you with the shit make you feel it all in your toes
Hot shit got all you niggas in wet clothes
Stylin my metaphores when I formulate my flows
If you don't know you're fuckin with lyrical player pros (like that)

Chorus:
Do you really wanna party with me
Let me see just what you got for me
Put all your hands where my eyes could see
Straight buck wildin in the place to be
If you really wanna party with me
Let me see just what you got for me
Put all your hands where my eyes could see
Straight buck wildin in the place to be
If you really wanna party with me...

In God we trust
Yo its a must that you heard of us yo we murderous
A lot of niggas is wonderin and they curious
How me and my niggas do it, it's so mysterious
Furious, all of my niggaz is serious
Shook niggaz be walkin around fearin us
Front nigga like you don't wanna be hearin us
Gotta listen to how radio be playin us
30 time a day shit'll make you delirious
Damagin everything all up in your areas
Yo its funny how all the chickens be always servin us
All up inbetween they ass where they wanna carry us
Hitcha good then I hit 'em off with the alias
Various, chickens they wanna marry us
Yo its Flipmode my nigga you know we 'bout to bust
Seven figure money the label preparin us
Bite the dust instead of you makin a fuss
Niggas know better cause there aint no comparin us
Mad at us niggas is never we fabulous
Hit my people off with the flow that be marvelous
Oh shit my whole clique victorious
Takin no prisoners niggaz is straight up warriors
While you feelin that I know you be feelin so glorious
Then I blitz and reminisce on my nigga Notorious

CHORUS
Do you really wanna party with me
let me see just what you got for me
put all your hands where my eyes can see
straight buck wildin in the place to be
If you really wanna party with me
let me see just what you got for me
put all your hands where my eyes can see
straight buck wildin in the place to be
If you really wanna party with me...
'''Ch:'''
High flying, adored
So young, the instant queen
A rich beautiful thing of all the talents
A cross between
A fantasy of the bedroom and a saint
You were just a backstreet girl
Hustling and fighting
Scratching and biting

High flying, adored
Did you believe in your wildest moments
All this would be yours?
That you'd become the lady of them all?

Were there stars in your eyes
When you crawled in at night
From the bars, from the sidewalks
From the gutter theatrical?
Don't look down
It's a long long way to fall

High flying, adored
what happens now? Where do you go from here?
For someone on top of the world
The view is not exactly clear
A shame you did it all at twenty-six
There are no mysteries now
Nothing can thrill you
No one fulfill you

High flying, adored
I hope you come to terms with boredom
So famous so easily, so soon
It's not the wisest thing to be

You don't care if they love you
It's been done before
You despair if they hate you
You'll be drained of all energy
All the young who've made it
Would agree

'''Eva:'''
High flying, adored
That's good to hear, but unimportant
My story's quite usual
Local girl makes good, weds famous man
I was stuck in the right place
At the perfect time
Filled a gap, I was lucky
But one thing I'll say for me
No one else can fill it like I can
Nas]
Damn! Look how muh-fuckers use a nigga
Just use me for whatever the fuck they want
I don't get to say shit
Just grab me, just do what the fuck they want
Sell me, throw me away
Niggaz just don't give a fuck about a nigga like me right?
Like I'm a f... I'm a gun, shit
It's like I'm a motherfuckin gun
I can't believe this shit....
Word up.. (word up..)

I seen some cold nights and bloody days
They grab and me bullets spray
They use me wrong so I sing this song 'til this day
My body is cold steel for real
I was made to kill, that's why they keep me concealed
Under car seats they sneak me in clubs
Been in the hands of mad thugs
They feed me when they load me with mad slugs
Seventeen precisely, one in my head
They call me Desert Eagle, semi-auto with lead
I'm seven inches four pounds, been through so many towns
Ohio to Little Rock to Canarsie, livin harshly
Beat up and battered, they pull me out
I watch as niggaz scattered, makin me kill
But what I feel it never mattered
When I'm empty I'm quiet, findin myself fiendin to be fired
A broken safety, niggaz place me in shelves
under beds, so I beg for my next owner to be a thoroughbred
Keep me full up with hollow heads

Chorus: Nas (repeat 2X)

How you like me now? I go blaow
It's that shit that moves crowds makin every ghetto foul
I might have took your first child
Scarred your life, crippled your style
I gave you power
I made you buck wild

[Nas]
Always I'm in some shit, my abdomen is the clip
The barrel is my dick, uncircumcised
Pull my skin back and cock me, I bust off when they unlock me
Results of what happens to niggaz shock me
I see niggaz bleedin runnin from me in fear, stunningly tears
fall down the eyes of these so-called tough guys, for years
I've been used in robberies, givin niggaz heart to follow me
Placin peoples in graves, funerals made cause I was sprayed
I was laid in a shelf, with a grenade
Met a wrecked-up tech with numbers on his chest that say
Five-two-oh-nine-three-eight-five and zero
Had a serial defaced, hopin one day, police would place
where he came from, a name or some sort of person to claim him
Tired of murderin, made him wanna be a plain gun
But yo I had some other plans, like the next time the beef is on
I make myself jam right in my owner's hand

Chorus

[Nas]
Yo, weeks went by and I'm surprised
Still stuck in the shelf with all the things that an outlaw hides
Besides me it's bullets, two vests and then a nine
There's a grenade in a box, and that tech that kept cryin
Cause he ain't been cleaned in a year, he's rusty as clear
He's bout to fall to pieces, cause of his murder career
Yo, I can hear somebody comin in, open the shelf
His eyes bubblin, he said, "It was on"
I felt his palm troubled him shakin
Somebody stomped him out, his dome was achin
He placed me on his waist, the moment I've been waitin
My creation was for blacks to kill blacks
It's gats like me that accidentally, go off, makin niggaz memories
But this time, it's done intentionally
He walked me outside, saw this cat
Cocked me back, said, "Remember me?"
He pulled the trigger but I held on, it felt wrong
Knowing niggaz is waiting in hell for 'im
He squeezed harder, I didn't budge, sick of the blood
Sick of the thugs, sick of wrath of the, next man's grudge
What the other kid did was pull out, no doubt
A newer me in better shape, before he lit out, he lead the chase
My owner fell to the floor, his wig split so fast
I didn't know he was hit, it's over with
Heard mad niggaz screamin, niggaz runnin, cops is comin
Now I'm happy, until I felt somebody else grab me
Damn!
[Lil Wayne talking]
Yea yea yea its the Carter motherfucker I came back around
its the Carter motherfucker I came back around
its the Carter motherfucker
let me show you my building man, its the Carter
I'ma show y'all the ins the outs the ups the down, kno what I'm talkin bout
this is me fourth solo album baby, I came back around
by myself this time, back off the wall
guns up in the air in the middle of the streets like blak blak blak, welcome

[Verse 1]
This is the Carter y'all welcome, hard as Malcolm
Dawg is a vulcan Lord help him but y'all felt him
That make you a part of me and pardony
If a part of me is what you wanna be what you oughtta be
Dont worry Carter me I just actin accordingly
I give orders to the commander in chief, just the commander in me
Handlin streets in the mandarin V
I hear you haters slanderin me I just hand him the P
Any drama I pace it like Indiana, I take your grandma pacemaker and jus handle the piece
Not two fingers I simultaneously bout two bangers
You do not want anger USDA prime beef, ya dead meat
I'm so ahead of these trendy rappers speed up
I'm already hot when another one startin to heat up
Got Mannie hot wit me cuz I always beat his beat up
Yall cats wit y'all feet up startin to look like feet up, I'm G'd up
On the V'd up, in the truck I gotta put my seat up
In the trunk I got my bass and I ain't speakin bout no speakers
Whats leakin up out of yo speaker is the speech of Weezy F. Baby
No more no less Baby, so forth and so on
Front door livin room young nigga switchin we
What you need, get you crack get you weed
Make yo way to the back look ahead and see
White bitch in the bathroom givin head for speed
But don't you turn your head at me, the president been doin it
Daddy tried to ruin it
But I built this building from the ruts
I own all the corners and the cuts in this motherfucker
And the feds know just whats up in this motherfucker
Made niggaz so they cant bust in this motherfucker
So with that lets keep it movin, on to the kitchen where my witches keep it brewin
Uh huh look at how my bitches do it
Bucky buck naked look at all my bitches booties
They handle all my pharmaceutics
I got it from promethazane to metamucil
I'm crucial don't mean to spook you
But this is New Orleans so my queens do voodoo, ya know
So the things just move through
I feel ya pain I got things to soothe you
That fills the cane so wayne the nuetral
Dont hate the game hate the institution
That fills the cane so wayne the nuetral
Dot hate the game hate the institution, fucka

[Lil Wayne talking]
I came back around, it's the Carter
show you the rest of the house later, we gon go upstairs, ya kno
Ya kno what this is right
Tha Carter..tha Carter...tha Carter
Turn up the bass, check out my melody, hand out a cigar
I'm lettin knowledge be born, and my name's the R
A-k-i-m, not like the rest of them, I'm not on a list
That's what I'm sayin, I drop science like a scientist
My melody's in a code, the very next episode
Has the mic often distortin', ready to explode
I keep the mic at Fahrenheit, freeze MC's to make 'em colder
The listener's system is kickin' like solar
As I memorize, advertise, like a poet
Keep you goin' when I'm flowin', smooth enough, you know with the rough
That's why the moral of my story I tell'll be
Nobody beats the R, check out my melody

So what, I'm a microphone fiend addicted soon as I seen
One of these four MC's so they don't have to scream
I couldn't wait to take the mic, flow into it to test it,
Let 'My Melody' play, then a record suggest it
I'm droppin bombs, but I stay peace and calm
Any MC that disagree with me wave your arm
And I'll break, when I'm through breakin' I'll leave you broke
Drop the mic when I'm finished and watch it smoke
So stand back, you wanna rap? All of that can wait
I won't push, I won't beat around the bush
I wanna break upon those who are not supposed to
You might try but you can't get close to
Because I'm number one, competition is none
I'm measured with the heat that's made by sun
'Cause I'm playin ball or bobbin' in the hall
Or just writin my name in graffiti on the wall
You shouldn't have told me you said you controlled me
So now a contest is what you owe me
Pull out your money, pull out your cut
Pull up a chair, and I'm a tear shit up
My name is Rakim Allah, and R and A stands for Ra
Switch it around, it still comes out R
So easily will I e-m-c-e-e
My repetition of words is check out my melody
Some bass and treble is moist, scratch in and cut in a voice
And when it's mine that's when the rhyme is always choice
I wouldn't a came and said my name and run same weak shit
Puttin' blurbs and slurs and words that don't fit
In a rhyme, why waste time on the microphone
I take this more serious than just a poem
Rockin party to party, backyard to yard
I tear it up, y'all, and bless the mic for the gods

The rhyme is rugged, at the same time sharp
I can swing off anything even a string of a harp
Just turn it on and start rockin, mine, no introduction
'Til I finish droppin science, no interruption
When I approach I exercise like a coach
Usin' a melody and add new verse(?) and notes
So when the mic and the R-a-k-i-m
It's attached, like a match I will strike again
Rhymes are poetically kept and alphabetically stepped
Put in a order to pursue with the momentum except
I say one rhyme out of order, a longer rhyme shorter,
A pause, but don't stop the tape recorder

I'm not a regular competitor, first rhyme editor
Melody arranger, poet, etcetera
Extra event, the grand finale-like bonus
I am the man they call the microphonist
With wisdom, which means wise words bein' spoken
Too many at one time watch the mic start smokin'
I came to express the rap I manifest
Stand in my way and I'll veto on the word's protest
MC's that wanna be vissed(?), they're gonna
Be dissed if they don't get from in fronta
All they can go get is me a glass of Moet
A hard time, sip your juice and watch a smooth poet
I take 7 MC's put 'em in a line
And add 7 more brothas who think they can rhyme
Well, it'll take 7 more before I go for mine
Now that's 21 MC's ate up at the same time
Easy does it, do it easy, that's what I'm doin'
No fessin', no messin' around, no chewin'
No robbin', no buyin', bitin', why bother
This slob'll stop tryin', fightin' to follow
My unusual style will confuse you a while
And if I was water, I'd flow in the Nile
So many rhymes you won't have time to go for yours
Just because of applause I have to pause
Right after tonight is when I prepare
To catch another sucka duck MC out there
'Cause my strategy has to be tragedy, catastrophe
And after this you'll call me your majesty
My melody

Yes, my melody
Eric B.

Marley Marl synthesized it, I memorize it
Eric B. made a cut and advertised it
My melody's created for MC's in the place
They try to listen cuz I'm dissin them so pick up your face
Shook off your neck cuz you try to detect my pace
Now you're buggin', almost doggin' off my rhyme-like bass
The melody that I'm stylin', smooth as a violin
Rough enough to break New York from Long Island
My wisdom is swift, no matter if
My momentum is slow, MC's still stand stiff
I'm genuine like leather - reclined to be clever
MC, you'll beat the R, I'll say &amp;amp;quot;Oh never&amp;amp;quot;
So Eric B., cut it easily and
check out my melody...
[Sheek]
Fuck -- shit is real right here
Roc-a-Fella, LOX, takin the streets over motherfuckers
Don't get it twisted
Yo, aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo
Yo shut the fuck up 'fore I blast and Banned From TV your ass
with no mask, look at the camera like what?
Yeah I did it like them sick white boys the court committed
To the death of me, I'm spaz like I'm on Ecstasy
Drop 100 bars for real like I'm lookin for a deal
If I ain't hungry, who the fuck is, I'm worse than them African kids
I ain't straight til my numbers match the Motorola ?bid?
And walk the streets up in ? ? like I don't fuckin care
If I ain't strapped that means I took em off my Nike Airs
Get off mine, y'all talk shit like little children
when I ride mine like bitched when I walk up in the building
Cause I catch tans in the winter, with wild whores
Jet-skiin, while you keep warm at corner stores
I make it hot, floodin your block, the best way
Professionally, they'll find poison in your X-Ray
As I get roasted lookin at Biggie posted on my wall
Takin shots of Louie til I fall
Nuttin to lose, just load the clip up in the groove
and kick rhymes to the poster, til I swear Big move
My team, you would think was on Thorazine
How we floss and don't give a fuck what it's cost-ing

[Beanie Sigel]
Yo, yo, pressure bust pipes, it's time to apply it now
Pick out a quiet town and tie it down
Make niggaz lock it down, y'all know where to buy it now
Beanie Mac I supply it now
My squad roll deep, in foreign cars with two seats
Couple of 5's, a 6, a few Jeeps
Bag enough coke to last a few weeks
In case niggaz wanna test, vest and a few heats
You really wanna test my name? And test my game?
Until you have me, test my aim?
Y'all niggaz nuts, like testricles
Hit you up in your apartment buildin vestibule
Perhaps it's best for you, to keep on walkin
Heat from the noggin, keep on sparkin
Platinum prezzie, Bezzie, stay sparklin
Cop off the lot never see me at the auction
Pint of Bacardi darken, when it's hawkin
Out on the strip, until I reach the margin
Not tryin to meet the Seargeant, at the precinct
Eatin cheese sandwiches, down for the weekend
Locked up with dirty white boys and Ricans

[Jadakiss]
Now if I kill you I probably do ten in the box
Come down on appeal then I'm killin your pops
You feelin The LOX, nigga why you grillin The LOX
If this rap shit don't work niggaz still in the spot
You bring it to me, I gotta lose your family
Gangstas don't die, they get chubby, and move to Miami
Shit is deep now dog but it gets deeper
Fuck it, the weather's nice and the price is much cheaper
I put it on tape, you gon' buy it, I put it in a bag
you gon' try it, y'all niggaz can't deny it
Lot of cats still tryin to study my last bounce
Tell you what, get a beat tape and a half ounce
They got me where I can't be without my large gat
Teflon long sleeve, and my hardhat
Don't matter if I'm openin up, or headline
Doin the speed limit or pushin red lines
Six months in the county or fed time
I'ma be the 'Kiss nigga, until it's bedtime
Anything I'm on is a classic, any nigga
ever had beef with, son is a bastard
Anytime I spit, spit acid, L.O.X.
Ruffryder you heard? We got the game mastered

I told you the pain was comin
You wouldn't listen
You tried to play me like a joke?
Now who got the last laugh?
Now take these bullets with you to hell

[Sauce Money]
You motherfuckers is sick, don't think Sauce the shit
So many niggaz on my nuts I thought I lost my dick
Picture me fallin off, I'm camera shy
Hammers fly, might miss you, but your man'll die
What's the difference? Either way I'm stunnin your crew
I fuck to win, y'all niggaz comin to lose
Somethin to prove? Spit it, we can have a sprayoff
I lay off wet niggaz and kill em on my day off
Ain't nuttin for me to bust a trey off
Murder the whole month of April nigga, just to take May off
Run with more Germans than Adolf, you light crews
Now I concentrate on your camp, like Jews
Flow hot like a heatwave bitch
Whips fatter than them shits they beat slaves with
I'm a meal stackin nigga who pull quick, still packin
for you Phil Jackson niggaz on that Bull

[Styles]
I don't give a FUCK who you are, so FUCK who you are
I don't care about a pretty bitch, watch or a car
I don't care about your block and whoever you shot
I don't care about your album and whenever it drop
I don't care about your past if I did I woulda asked
I'm too busy lightin 'dro with a whole lotta hash
Far as this rap shit, I'm ten steps ahead of niggaz
Shootin backwards, just for practice
Ride or die nigga, hoppin in your casket
Bout to go to hell with you, blow the L with you
Tell the whole world I'm spittin let em know the shells hit you
I tell niggaz quick, suck dick and get a glock
My name ring bells like Sunday at twelve o'clock
I'm half past seven, bust six then eleven
You know me, slide my man my joint say reload me
I ruffryde and pop a fella for Roc-a-Fella
Jay (what the fuck) spendin mozzarella

[Jay-Z]
I know pop you can't stand us cause you cock them hammers
Run in your crib, no prisoners, pop your grandma
Locked in the slammer? Nope, popped up in Atlanta
Crossed up in a drop I popped up the antenna
Whoa.. watch your manners when my veins pop like scanners
Like raindrops you hear the thunder when I cock the cannon
Big thang, big chains, ain't shit changed
Get brained in the four dot six Range
Shit main, switch lanes
every town I hit, switch planes, bitch flipped big caine
Flow with no cut, you take it in vain/vein to the brain
Muh'fukas is noddin and throwin up, you know that
You don't wanna owe that man
He'll hit you, get the picture? Kodak man
Gotta, love for war, I don't floss no more
I just sit on my money til I'm above the law
How the fuck you gonna stop us with your measly asses
We don't stop at the tolls we got EZ passes, nigga
Multiple cars and divas with D-classes
Iceberg sweat with I.B. on the elastic
Shit, beyotch! What the fuck, ya heard me?
Put some more beat on that joint
[Intro: RBX &amp; Ruben]
[RBX]Cannabis Sativa, haha
Oh in the heart of LA known as the chronic
Not to be confused with the bionic
Even though it does cost six million dollars, maaan, understaaand
AH HA HA, now we working with some new improved shit on this track
Nevertheless not no stress, sucker-ass niggas
So now we're gon' move on and, uh, light a big fat one up for the world
And hit this, once or twice and you'll be twice as nice
Ged it, this is the chronic ah ha ha ha
[Ruben]Blaze that motherfucker up then, nigga

[Chorus: Emmage &amp; Ruben, Dat Nigga Daz]
Make my bud the chronic, I wants to get fucked up
Make my shit the chronic, I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb, I want the chronic, I gots to get fucked up
Make my bud the chronic before I take it home [D](Yeah)

[Interlude: RBX, Dat Nigga Daz, The Lady of Rage]
[R]Damn, my last joint, don't fuck with me, fool
[D]Pass the bud
[R]Who got the dub sacks?
[D]I got it
[R]Hoo-wee, this shorter than a motherfucker, man
[D]You can take it or leave it, nigga
[R]But I need a spliff right now
[L]Roll this shit up then, nigga, and pass it
[R]And I don't want no cess, brother
[R]It's got to be the chronic, know what I mean, nigga?
[R]Yeah, that's the chronic [L](Damn, it sure is), that's the chronic
[R]That's the bomb bud [L](You ain't never lyin')
[R]Now, get me a motherfuckin' Zig-Zag and we're straight
[D]Yeah, nigga, I got some
[R]Or better yet, a motherfuckin' blunt [L](I got that shit)
[R]A Philly blunt that is
[L]Here you go

[Chorus: Emmage &amp; Ruben]
Make my bud the chronic, I wants to get fucked up
Make my shit the chronic, I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb, I want the chronic, I gots to get fucked up
Make my bud the chronic before I take it home
Make my bud the chronic, I wants to get fucked up
Make my shit the chronic, I gots to fire it up
I want the bomb, I want the chronic, I gots to get fucked up
Make my bud the chronic before I take it home

[Interlude: RBX &amp; The Lady of Rage]
[R](God damn, I'm fucked up)
[L]You ain't lyin', I'm fucked up too, God [R](Yeah)
[R]That shit ain't no joke, ooh, shit [L](Ain't no joke, fuck)
[R]Nah, I don't want no more, I don't want shit
[R]Just leave me alone, just let me just chill out and listen to this shit
[L]What your mind doin', nigga? You can't hang? What the fuck's wrong?
[R]I'm high, that's fucked up, damn

[Chorus: Emmage &amp; Ruben, RBX, The Lady of Rage]
Make my bud the chronic, I wants to get fucked up
[R](They put in this weed? That's why they call this shit chronic)
Make my shit the chronic, I gots to fire it up [L](Your ass still high)
[R](Mm)
I want the bomb, I want the chronic [R](Damn), I gots to get fucked up [R](Damn, shit)
Make my bud the chronic before I take it home [R](Fucked up, fucked up)
Make my bud the chronic, I wants to get fucked up [R](Fuckin' crazy, I'm fucked up, really)
Make my shit the chronic [R](Really, though), I gots to fire it up
[R](Nah, I'm cool than a motherfucker)
I want the bomb, I want the chronic [R](That shit, that shit's), I gots to get fucked up [R](That shit is crazy)
Make my bud the chronic [R](I'm high) before I take it home [R](Damn)

[Interlude: RBX, The Lady of Rage, Emmage]
[E](That nigga Dre serving up some shit now)
Ooh, I'm ready to fuck some shit up now, baby
[L]Hell, you can come on and fuck me up
Mm-hmm, [L](Uh-huh), triple cheeseburger
[L]Oh, you talkin' about some food, I got some...
Some fries and a motherfuckin' couple sodas and shit
And hot apple turnover and all that old shit, nigga
Ooh, I'm ready to get my munch on [E](Me too)
That bud smell good than a motherfucker too
I don't want hit no more of that old shit
That shit is not to be fucked with, not to be fucked with
I'm high, ooh, nigga, you pass that shit to somebody else
Nigga, I'm through for the night, I mean really though
Really though, nigga, let's go get some food, let's get up out this motherfucker
[E](Nah, man, we gonna go back and meet up with Dre)
'Cause, uh [L](For real, you ain't never lyin')
No, nigga, don't be trying to pass me that shit
Nigga, I told you, I'm cool, I don't want nothin' else
[E]I'm out of here

[Outro: Ruben]
Ha, I got another dub sack, nigga, haha
Verse 1
22:05, 12 April 2006 (PDT)~~

Nineteen-seventy somethin', nigga I don't sweat the date
My moms is late so I had to plan my escape
out the skins, in this world of fly girls
Tanqueray and Hennessy until I cold hurl
Ten months in this gut, what the fuck
I wish moms'd hurry up so I could get buck
wild, juvenile rippin' mics and shit
New York New York, ready for the likes of this, uh
Then came the worst date, May 21st
2:19, that's when my momma water burst
No spouse in the house so she rode for self
to the hospital, to see if she could get a little help
Umbilical cord's wrapped around my neck
I'm seein' my death and I ain't even took my first step
I made it out, I'm bringin' mad joy
The doctor looked and said, "He's gonna be a Bad Boy"

Verse 2
22:05, 12 April 2006 (PDT)~~

Now I'm thirteen, smokin' blunts, makin' cream
On the drug scene, fuck a football team
Riskin' ruptured spleens by the age of sixteen
Hearin' the coach scream at my lifetime dream, I mean
I wanna blow up, stack my dough up
So school I didn't show up, it fucked my flow up
Mom said that I should grow up and check myself
before I wreck myself, disrespect myself
Put the drugs on the shelf? Nah, couldn't see it
Scarface, King of New York, I wanna be it
Rap was secondary, money was necessary
Until I got incarcerated--kinda scary
C74-Mark 8 set me straight
Not able to move behind the great steel gate
Time to contemplate, damn, where did I fail?
All the money I stacked was all the money for bail

Verse 3
22:05, 12 April 2006 (PDT)~~

Ninety-four, now I explore new horizons
Mama smile when she see me, that's surprisin'
Honeys is tantalizin', they freak all night
Peep duckin' cops on the creep all night
As I open my eyes and realizin' I changed
Not the same deranged child stuck up in the game
And to my niggas livin' street life
Learn to treat life to the best, put stress to rest
Still tote your vest man, niggas be trippin'
In the streets without a gat? Nah, nigga you're slippin'
If I'm pimpin on The F with weed on my breath
Original hustler with the muffler on the Tec
Respect to the Mac's and the Ac's
To the freaks in the Jeeps, lick shots to my peeps
[Intro - 50 Cent]
Ahh man
You know where the niggas be at right?
Take me to 'em

[Chorus- 50 Cent]
All through the hood, I keep hearin' niggas sayin'
I'm supposed to die tonight
niggas come put a hit out and they talkin' like the shit okay
I'm down to ride tonight
We rollin, whip stolen, AK loaded
I'm down to ride tonight
We smokin', straight locin', locked and loaded
Somebody gon' die tonight

[Verse 1 - 50 Cent]
This is nothin' new, I been in the position before
Grandma crib, niggas outside of her door
Different day, same shit, old mac, new clip
Thirty two hollow tips, gloves, no rubber grip
I'm a boss, but niggas never show no respect
I catch 'em slippin', I have 'em tongue kissin' my tec
Wanna come test me, pussy boy don't try
Police responds, never fast enough, the shots fired
Don't be stupid, find out who you fuckin' wit son
'Fore we find out where ya bitch gets her hair and nails done
Its elementary, life is but a dream
You know row, row ya boat, your blood forms a stream
After you get hit, you shoulda thought about the shit
You took that paper, you take a life or ya life get took bitch
Sometimes, I sit and look at life from a different angle
Don't know if I'm God's child or I'm Satan's angel

[Chorus - 50 Cent]
All through the hood, I keep hearin' niggas sayin'
I'm supposed to die tonight
niggas come put a hit out and they talkin' like the shit okay
I'm down to ride tonight
We rollin, whip stolen, AK loaded
I'm down to ride tonight
We smokin', straight locin', locked and loaded
Somebody gon' die tonight

[Verse 2 - 50 Cent]
In 2002, if you asked me to make a wish
I simply woulda wished that my music would be a hit
Big said damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
And pray for my downfall, I understand it all
But me, I'm a little more flashy a nigga
So chances are, I'ma have to blast me a nigga
I'm on that keflon vest shit, that wild wild west shit
And eighty one 1 carrot stones in my necklace
I shine so hard, I make mothafuckas wanna kill me
Every projects and every hood I go, they feel me
Know it sounds like rap, but this shit is real B
I don't talk that rich shit, but nigga I'm filthy
When I come out to play, had my mom been with me
You could bet your bottom dollar that revolver with me
Homeboy, frontin' on me will shorten your life span
Hold the mic with my left, the knife in my right hand

[Chorus - 50 Cent]
All through the hood, I keep hearin' niggas sayin'
I'm supposed to die tonight
niggas come put a hit out and they talkin' like the shit okay
I'm down to ride tonight
We rollin, whip stolen, AK loaded
I'm down to ride tonight
We smokin', straight locin', locked and loaded
Somebody gon' die tonight
Verse one: bigg jus

Rugged like rwanda, don't wind up far or get chopped up
Quick to rush the spot like baby urine get mopped up
Tags that spray your hall with rap aerosol
Organized graffiti lectures in can control
Or level with the devil racing uptown first to fort apache
I'm much too much for any demon style to master me
From the thought's next bridge to the hell's gate, lyrically detonating
Sparking m-80's and bottle rockets it's a nigga chaser
Downtown graffiti deface a heroin debaser
Open up your eyes and clean out your nature
Wide open like the grand canyon
Emcees couldn't hang if they was lynched by the grand dragon
Searching for my style like job-corps
Coming home on work release shoplifting at the rap store
But sabotaging me ain't easy
I'm crooked like nathan wick starring as cochese
With a big baseball bat you get robbed like deniro
A sandwich still ain't nothing but a hero
Just a small sample of the abstract
When the rhyme gets crazy hot and lyrics don't know how to act
Whether shooting joints or wax
I go all out and attack crabs and herbs that's crazy wack
We all can't be pimps, and we all can't rap
You got to get your dollars on cause it's on like that
Here's what I want you to do
Niggas with the green axe and burgundy forerunner, inhuman like blade runner
When I'm rhyming all summer just listen to the drummer
Transistor blister feedback freak the impeders
Funk flow we expose frequencies in sequence
Napalm gets dropped long range like fiber optics
Check the rhyme activity your skills is microscopic
Peace to my crew and my nigga el-p
Who's here to spark it causing all these crabs to flee

Verse two: el-p

Check it and I inflict it quattro nine fifty lungs misty
Color me maxmillian cause I'm that crazy robot
Teetering on the edge of outer space
Spitting buckshots till black holes surround me, you found me
As far as I'm concerned I've got your ashes in an urn
Big up, the temperamental hold none barred kid
What's your confunction? tracks is type dusty
Drinking water out the well of life and i'ma piss it back rusty
Flesh and phonics, you're God damned right
I'm on 'em like aeorta pacemakers hooked up to clappers
Clap off (*clap clap*) welcome to my free-form jubilee, look at me
The witness to the shit you wanna be
Dba lyrical p known as a simp and I'm a sycophant
Feeding on fats passed and dipped


In and out of my invisible state
Forerunner rep tyrannical
Wrecks like tecs bust mechanical
Rusty goner weasel painting beats on an easel
Shoot a head up, what bitch you're boxing shadows
Look out my way you pull your breath out to battle
Breaking your double helix, and now the shit is single
Not mono, I burn the needle out your vinyl
El-p the third gunner on the grassy knoll
Stroll, keep the seventh seal of heaven in my pocket
You're faggot like sprockets, motherf**k the houston rockets
I'm so sick of recycled metaphors
Bet but I'd f**k laura ingalls only when she's done with her chores
Got rappers tip toeing on a highway to heaven
Got manners like bruce banner when he's stressed
I'm sick of your corny beats and your crowd-involved hooks
Cause I'm a thinker
Evil anus letting off stinkers

Bj eight steps to perfection
The sum of each part forms an octagon
Let rhyme styles get sparked

Ep eight stpes to perfection
The sum of each part forms an octagon
Where rhyme styles get sparked

Verse three: bigg jus

The holy terror, last moves you never won't win
Playing taps on a violin
You can never comprehend the rhyme origin
I rate one like a chinese, jamaicin like a chin
Hot rocking corduroy, ballys that's so fitted
Niggas came and assed out my tracks and left 'em shitted
F**k the movement, lubricate the smooth shit
Just to letcha know, never do I use it
Strictly the blueprint for the ghetto music in my cipher
Shorty the sniper jeep like cherokee
When I take aim handling wall to wall emcees
Mr. madman attract lyrics like magnets
They f**k up speaking cavernous when I'm stabbing it
Like the juice, then go bronco busting loose
That's my word, you couldn't shoot or try to compute the math
To kick any type sport like the vandal
I manhandle, emcees get murdered like tennessa
Or trapped in the bedroom with the texas chain saw
Massacre one two three you're taking and tell 'em
Eastwick underground new york be the dwelling
I keep telling 'em the state of the mind be the mentals
If you murder up in the ghetto you murder in a temple
If you're down and out and you feel real hurt
Come on over to the place where I live
And all your loneliness I'll try to soothe
I'll play the blues for you
Don't be afraid come on in
You might run across some of your old friends
All your loneliness I gotta soothe
I'll play the blues for you
I got no big name and I ain't no big star
I play the blues for you on my guitar
All your loneliness I'll try to soothe
I 'll play the blues for you
Hey, this is radio station W-S-K-E-E
We're takin' calls on the wish line
Making all your wacky wishes come true

Hello

1-I wish I was little bit taller,
I wish I was a baller,
I wish I had a girl who looked good
I would call her
I wish I had a rabbit in a hat with a bat
and a 64' Impala

I wish I was like six-foot-nine
So I can get with Leoshi
Cause she don't know me but yo she's really fine
You know I see her all the time
Everywhere I go, and even in my dreams
I can scheme a way to make her mine
Cause I know she's livin phat
Her boyfriend's tall and he plays ball
So how am I gonna compete with that
'Cause when it comes to playing basketball
I'm always last to be picked
And in some cases never picked at all
So I just lean up on the wall
Or sit up in the bleachers with the rest of the girls
Who came to watch their men ball
Dag y'all! I never understood, black
Why the jocks get the fly girls
And me I get the hood rats
I tell 'em scat, skittle, scabobble
Got hit with a bottle
And I been in the hospital
For talkin' that mess
I confess it's a shame when you livin' in a city
That's the size of a box and nobody knows yo' name
Glad I came to my senses
Like quick-quick got sick-sick to my stomach
Overcommeth by the thoughts of me and her together
Right?
So when I asked her out she said I wasn't her type
(rpt 1, 1)

I wish I had a brand-new car
So far, I got this hatchback
And everywhere I go, yo I gets laughed at
And when I'm in my car I'm laid back
I got an 8-track and a spare tire in the backseat
But that's flat
And do you really wanna know what's really whack
See I can't even get a date
So, what do you think of that?
I heard that prom night is a bomb night
With the hood rats you can hold tight
But really tho' I 'm a figaro
When I'm in my car I can't even get a hello
Well so many people wanna cruise Crenshaw on Sunday
Well then I'ma have to get in my car and go
You know I take the 110 until the 105
Get off at Crenshaw tell my homies look alive
Cause it's hard to survive when your livin'
In a concrete jungle and
These girls just keep passin' me by
She looks fly, she looks fly
Makes me say my, my, my
(rpt 1, 1)

I wish I was a little bit taller...
I wish I was a baller...
I wish I was a little bit taller y'all
I wish I was a baller (3)

Hey, I wish I had my way
'Cause everyday would be a Friday
You could even speed on the highway
I would play ghetto games
Name my kids ghetto names
Little Mookie, big Al, Lorraine
Yo you know that's on the real
So if you're down on your luck
Then you should notice how I feel
Cause if you don't want me around
See I go simple, I go easy, I go greyhound
Hey, you , what's that sound?
Everybody look what's going down
Ahhhh, yes, ain't that fresh?
Everybody wants to get down like dat
(rpt 1, 1)

I wish, I wish, I wish...
(feat. K-Ci &amp;amp; JoJo)

&amp;quot;Gangstarr has gots to be the sure shot&amp;quot; --&amp;gt; Greg Nice
&amp;quot;and it's like dat&amp;quot; (Primo scratching)

&amp;quot;GangStarr&amp;quot; &amp;quot;Represent&amp;quot;

[K-Ci and JoJo] Ohhh yeah

[Guru]
One of the meanest and the cleanest
And still I'm kind of feindish when I'm at this
Been doin this for eons, peons best to catch this
vision of excellence, precise rappin ability
Bout to make some dead presidents, macking a million G
The money though, it's got people actin funny yo
As soon as some niggaz get some light, they be like dummies yo
Products and puppets and pawns, gettin played out
When authentic niggaz step up, respect be layed out
Major effect to your sector, I'm the corrector
Live and direct, waving my mic like a sceptor
Supreme exalted, universal leader
Descendent of the kings and queens, the overseer
The overlord, cream of the crop, creme de la creme
Spent years buildin with cats in the streets, so they my men
Again, GangStarr has done it
Remember too much jewels back in the days? You'd have to run it
Check it, the ground be hot under our feet
So we be listening to beats to keep the cypher complete
Wether you kids be holdin, on the block all day
Or you be puffing lye, out in the back hallway
Or whether you being schooled, or in the library
Wherever you are Baby Pah, realize that your essence
is divine son, and let it shine son
As we refine son, aiyyo, this shit'll blow your mind son
We're royalty

Chorus: K-Ci and JoJo

Wherever I go
I want to take nothin less than the best
Whatever I choose, I choose to do
I have to stand out from all the rest
Whatever I do, wherever I go
I want to take nothin less than the best
Whatever I choose, I choose to do
I just wanna stand out from all the rest

[Guru]
And all the girls they want to spoil me
My honey annoits me with oils G
After work she greets me, and treats me like royalty
Works with me, giving herself, by my side
She don't sweat me for loot, my fame, or my ride
A lot of ladies out there, be lookin lovely
But they don't got no control of the their life, inside they're ugly
Word to Bugsy, and to Red Alert
Sway and Tech, and Funkmaster Flex to make your head jerk
Chicks go beserk when they see us in the spot
K-Ci, JoJo and Primo, creepin to the top
And to the sweethearts out there breaking hearts
While we're takin part of this hip-hop art
Listen yo, the best way, it ain't always the fast way
And yes the best way, it ain't always to act nasty
I'll open up the door always before you pass me
Baby Doll, because you're royalty

Chorus: K-Ci and JoJo

Whatever I do, Wherever I go
I want to take nothin less than the best
Whatever I choose, I choose to do
I have to stand out from all the rest
Whatever I do, wherever I go
I want to take nothin less than the best
Whatever I choose, I choose to do
I just wanna stand out from all the rest

&amp;quot;GangStarr has to gots to be the sure shot&amp;quot; --&amp;gt; Greg Nice
&amp;quot;and it's like dat&amp;quot; (Primo scratching)
(repeat 4X)

[K-Ci and JoJo freestyle singing]
Man
Sometimes, sometimes you just know, you just know, that's all

Hook:
(I can feel it comin' in the air tonight, oh lord
I've been waitin for this moment for all my life
oh lord, oh lord)

The best of y'all niggas remind me of myself when I was younger
When it was hunger that stopped the nigga from goin' under
And you wonder, why I pat you on your head, smile
Look in your eyes and thank the lord for my child
Meanwhile, somethin' I gotta show you an I hope you can take it
Gonna leave you in the desert, an I hope that you make it
Gotta put you on your ass to see what it does to you
When you stand up an see that I'm just showin' love to you
Other niggas would put a slug through you, over your ends
Caps I fucked with are real, but hey
Those are your friends
Its just what you got comin' sometimes you don't know
What you askin' for, did you ask for more?
Should the casket door swing here, it is done
An thought you was a killer, you swore you'd never run
Nigga died with his gun still up in the holster
It is comin' in the air? Yeah its getting' closer

Hook

I see life through many shades of grays and blacks
I could take that an hit 'em with the blazin' tracks
When I make that you fake cats have violent dreams
Takes another dog to be able to hear my silent screams
The devil got a hold on me an he won't let go
I can feel the lord pullin' but he movin' dead slow
Let 'em know that amidst all this confusion
some of us may do the winnin'
But we all do the losin' its just who does the choosin'
Easy goin up or down what have you been provin'?
Jus that you were fuckin' ground
Bitch seen the bullshit, but never spoke on it
An I know that deep down you really don't want it
I woulda traded the chance of bein' the child with a father
Movin' talent and bein' able to survive when its harder
My balance on the high beams of life, keep my dreams in strife
That's why I hit these motherfuckin' streets at night
Come on!

Hook

There's a lotta shit that I let slide, cuz its outta my hands
Lotta niggas I let ride, but its not in my plans
An a lot of my mans is not seein' through the fog
Families by the truckload, fleein' them to the morgue
Full moon, arooooo, the howlin', errrrrrr
an growlin', shhhhhh, an prowlin'
Don't know love, can't show love
That means you gonna need more love
than on old thug, but hold up, roll up
Talkin' out the side of your mouth is
what's gonna is what's gonna let niggas know
Why you bad in your house, an they lie up to your spouse
Told her it was suicide, but you an I
Both knew the truth, for we'd never die
Listen nigga, if you scared, get a dog, but be prepared, for the mob
Cuz you dead up in the fog, an that's your head by the log
I can smell it in the air, I can tell when its there
This is hell an we both here
Can you feel it? Tell me yeah

I remember, I remember dont worry, how could i ever forget, it's the first time the last time, we ever met, but I know the reason why you keep your silence up, no you dont fool me the hurt doesnt show, but the pain still grows its no stranger to you or me

Hook (phil collins)

Arf, arf
Haha
Aroo, arro
Whoo, whoo, whoooo
Chorus 2X: Musiq]
Comin' to break you off(we gettin' started.....start-started..)
Comin' to break you off(we gettin' started.....start-started..)
Comin' to break you off, happy(we gettin' started.....start-started..)

Coming to break you off

[Verse One: Black Thought]
Bad Misses, Throwin raspberry kisses on me
You looking for direction
Girl I feel your vision on me
Just dont let him see you sweatin
we aint spose to be involved
Knowing when we get it off, Girl I mean it off
Keeping you fiending 'til you taking it tossed
And when I'm breaking it off
Its no denying the fact it's wrong
'Cause you got a man who's probably playing his part
You probably breaking his heart
He trying to figure the reason you're gone, Uh
Is it because he's superficial
Or is he too submissive
Or did I come along and hit you with the futuristic
Or is it 'cause you really couldnt see a future with him
All he bout is paper, never took the time with you to listen
You want it gripped up, flipped, and thrown
And get stripped and shown, the way the getting is on
The cost, dealing with this you only taking a loss
You need to leave him alone
And roll with the one who breaking you off

[Chorus 2X: Musiq]
Off...
Comin' to break you off(we gettin' started.....start-started..)
Comin' to break you off(we gettin' started.....start-started..)
Comin' to break you off, happy(we gettin' started.....start-started..)

Comin' to break you off

[verse three:black thought]
brother down the hall
the one you bound to call
workaholics who really are rarely around at all
when we started got serious reprocussions and cost
we had a chance to turn back but love that was lost
late nights twistin somethin
listenin to niecie sing
she got the beat for you tell me you deeply
appreciate the company and time we spend
i feel the same its a shame you aint may girlfriend
cuz listen
you need a brother with that physical fix
that come through in the mix for you with no head tricks
and for
you need a new position
and who can get you open
like this eucalyptus have you ready to go for yours
come on work wit me
you wont get hurt wit me
just keep it real and you get broken off certainly
dealin with this you wont be takin a loss
you need to leave him alone
and roll wtih the one whos breakin you off

Chorus 2X: Musiq]
Comin' to break you off(we gettin' started.....start-started..)
Comin' to break you off(we gettin' started.....start-started..)
Comin' to break you off, happy(we gettin' started.....start-started..)

Coming to break you off

[Verse One: Black Thought]
Bad Misses, Throwin raspberry kisses on me
You looking for directions?
Girl I feel your vision on me
Just dont let him see you sweat
and we aint spose to be involved
Knowing when we get it off, Girl I mean it off
Keeping you fiending 'til you taking it tossed
And when I'm breaking it off
Its no denying the fact it's wrong
'Cause you got a man who's probably playing his part
You probably breaking his heart
He trying to figure the reason you're gone, Uh
Is it because he's superficial
Or is he too submissive
Or did I come along and hit you with the futuristic
Or is it 'cause you really couldnt see a future with him
All he about is paper, never took the time with you to listen
You want it gripped up, flipped, and thrown
And get stripped and shown, the way the getting is on
The cost, dealing with this you only taking a loss
You need to leave him alone
And roll with the one who breaking you off

[Chorus 2X: Musiq]
Off...
Comin' to break you off(we gettin' started.....start-started..)
Comin' to break you off(we gettin' started.....start-started..)
Comin' to break you off, happy(we gettin' started.....start-started..)

Comin' to break you off

[verse three:black thought]
brother down the hall
the one you bound to call
workaholics who rarely are really around at all
when we started got serious reprocussions and cost
we had a chance to turn back but love that was lost
late nights twistin somethin
listenin to niecie sing
she got the beat for you tell me you deeply
appreciate the company and time we spend
i feel the same its a shame you aint may girlfriend
cuz listen
you need a brother with that physical fix
that come through in the mix for you with no head tricks
and for
you need a new position
and who can get you open
like this eucalyptus have you ready to go for yours
come on work wit me
you wont get hurt wit me
just keep it real and you get broken off certainly
dealin with this you wont be takin a loss
you need to leave him alone
and roll wtih the one whos breakin you off

[Chorus 2X: Musiq]
Off...
Comin' to break you off(we gettin' started.....start-started..)
Comin' to break you off(we gettin' started.....start-started..)
Comin' to break you off, happy(we gettin' started.....start-started..)

Comin' to break you off

[Verse three: Black Thought]
Rolling down the highway
Listening to Sade sing
"The way the smooth operator move my way"
You sitting beside me
Looking like Friday
Foster Pam Grier structure look at your body
Keep eac hother thristy
Kisses like hershey
But lips is sealed
'Cause we dont need the controversy
I say I'm in town, You say you want it in the worst way
You probably told your man it was your it was ya lil's birthday
Meanwhile, Its champagne chilling in ice
You ready for the freakiest stage you done in ya life?
We breakin down like we grove dogs pulling a hike
You making sounds like a vibe;got you reaching your height
Prepare for flight, this is your captain
I'm getting strapped in
Theres no denying the strength
That its attraction girl
Workin with this you won't be taking a loss
So stop fooling your man and roll with the one
Who's breaking you off

(we're gettin' started started)

[Bridge: Musiq]
Baby, Baby, Baby... don't you worry about (a thing)
Nothing 'cause I'm coming too, handle you no doubt..
Whenever you want, that thing you need, I got it
I'm there and I aim to please
I'm coming over to give it to you..
Baby...

[Chorus 2X: Musiq]
Comin' to break you off(we gettin' started.....start-started..)
Comin' to break you off(we gettin' started.....start-started..)
Comin' to break you off, happy(we gettin' started.....start-started..)

Comin' to break you off

Untill fade
They got a nigga shedding tears, reminiscin on my past fears
Cause shit was hectic for me last year
It appears that I've been marked for death
My heartless breath, the underlying cause of my arrest
My life is stressed, and no rest forever weary
My eyes stay teary for all the brothers that are buried in the cemetery
Shit is scary, how black on black crime legendary
But at times unnessecary, I'm gettin worried
Teardrops and closed caskets, the three strikes law is drastic
And certain death for us ghetto bastards
What can we do when we're arrested, but open fire
Life in the pen ain't for me, cause I'd rather die
But don't cry through your despair
I wonder if the Lord still cares, for us niggaz on welfare
And who cares if we survive
The only time they notice a nigga is when he clutchin on a four-five
My neighborhood ain't the same
Cause all these little babies goin crazy and they sufferin in the game
And I swear it's like a trap
But I ain't given up on the hood it's all good when I go back
Hoes show me love, niggaz give me props
Forever hop cause it don't stop... on my block

Now shit's constantly hot, on my block, it never fails to be gunshots
Can't explain a mother's pain, when her son drops
Black male slippin in hail when will we prevail
Fearin jail but crack sales got me livin well
And the system's sucidal with this Thug's Life
Stayin strapped forever strapped in this drug life
God help me, cause I'm starvin, can't get a job
So I resort to violent robberies, my life is hard
Can't sleep cause all the dirt make my heart hurt
Put in work and shed tears for my dead peers
Mislead from childhood where I went astray
Till this day I still pray for a better way
Can't help but feel hopeless and heartbroke
From the start I felt the racism cause I'm dark
Couldn't quit the bullshit make me represent
Hit the bar and played the star, everywhere I went
In my heart, I felt alone out here on my own
I close my eyes and picture home... on my block

And I can't help but wonder whhhy, so many young kids had to die
Caught strays from AK's and the driveby
Swollen pride and homicide, don't coincide
Brothers cry for broken lives, mama come inside
Cause our block is filled with danger
Used to be a close knit community but now we're all cold strangers
Time changes us to stone them crack pipes
All up and down the block exterminatin black life
But I can't blame the dealers
My mama's welfare check has brought the next man chrome wheels
Shit's real, I know ya feel, my tragedy
A single mother with a problem child, daddy free
Hangin out pickin up game, sippin cheap liquor
Gamin the hoochies hopin I can get to sleep with her
It's a man's world, stayin strapped
Fantasies of a nigga livin phat, but held back
Pipe dreams can make the night seem hopeless
Wide eyed and losin focus... on my block

And block parties in tha projects lastin way past daylight
A young nigga learned to break nine
Used to play fight with my homies but they stuck in the pen
I send them ends, but it's tough on a friend, in my mind
I see the same motherfuckers ballin
Alcohol will make a lazy nigga slip and fall, miss his call
I know the young niggaz understand this
Growing up in this world where everything is scandalous
I reminisce on tha fast times, past crimes
Tryin to cop a slice of pizza with my last dime
Can't explain, just what attracts me to this dirty game
Gold chains, some extra change, and the street fame
And what's strange is that everybody knows my name, swear they all know me
And lots of cash make a nigga change
I hit the green just to maintain, feelin pain
For all the niggaz that I lost to the game... from my block
DMX:

Uh. Yea. Uh. If you love something let it go, if it
comes back to you it's yours. If it doesn't, it never was.
Hold me down baby

Chorus(2x):
Either let me fly, or give me death
Let my soul rest, take my breath
If I don't fly I'ma die anyway, I'ma live on
but I'll be gone any day

Hold me down, niggaz wanna know me now
Didn't want ta play wit' me when to show me how
No meow
Is it all about the bark ?
Let the dog loose baby it's about to spark
Light up the night, like the 4th of July
Niggaz know, when I let go, niggaz die
wit' this Y and you don't know you slow like Baltimore
If you ain't tryin' ta go ya blow
I soke up all the pain and accept it in silence
When I let go it's violence cause the wildest
leaves the dog barkin' up the tree for the cat
in the fog but ya'll niggaz see is the bat
Flappin' away wit' em blind like Stevy
Niggas don't hear me, still tryin' to see me
Stop being greedy, ya heard what I said
Let me go, let me flow on my bed

Chorus(2x)

I sold my soul to the devil, and the price was cheap
A yo it's cold on this level cause it's twice as deep
But you don't hear me, ignorance is bliss, and so on
Sometimes it's better to be taught dumb
Shall I go on
You don't want no real, what the deal is a mystery
How is it I can live and make history
If you don't see it then it, wasn't meant for you to see
If you wasn't born wit' it then, it wasn't meant for you to be
But you can't blame me for not wantin' to be hound
lock down in a cell wit' a soul gettin' dwelled
This is hell, go get the devil and get me the key
but can't be worst than the curse that was given ta me
It's what I live for, you take away that and I'm gone
There's a difference between, doin' wrong and being wrong
and that ain't right
Just keep it fair baby
Put me in the year, and I'll take it there baby
Yes

Chorus(2x)

I'm a flow regardless because I'm an artist until I'm trapped
I'm a continue to hit he hardest whether I scrap or rap
Give me death but you ain't my friend
I see it in your eyes, you contemplate my end
You waitin' for that bin in the road, where you were told
that you would go, when you were old
and if you died young, it was told
So what the dilly, what it was worth
Think back 26 years, be like what of his birth
What if it was a miscarriage and I never existed
Have I given something that have been taken away you
would of missed it
Didn't know, did I persisted ?
It was the call of the wild
I'm here to say what's in my heart, and you call it a style
Don't put it in the cage, don't mistreat it
You say you hunger for knowledge, here it is eat it
Another song completed is another thought captured
Let me do my thing I got it locked wit' this rap shit

Chorus(2x)

Or give me death, uh uh uh, or take my breath
I'ma die anyway, but I'll be gone any day
Where my niggaz ?
(3x)Uh ha ha, for my niggaz
Intro/Chorus:

No diggedy - can I kick a rhyme for your mind?
No diggedy - do we bring it real e'rytime?
No diggedy - can I kick a rhyme for your mind?
No diggedy - Das EFX we rip it e'rytime
*repeat*

Verse 1: Dray, Books

Yo yo
Well biggity back from the gutter, ya beat the butter flow comin at'cha
Check the rapture that I miggity manufacture
Body snatcher, here to throw the pitch again
Gotta switch again because we back up in this bitch again (No doubt)
We roll like Michelin, the rapper's know the pedigree
Flowin steadily, yo Boogie Banger rizzy ready G?

I'm miggity made of snakes-n-snails and rock Wally tails
jiggity joined by the balls in case all else fails
Higgity hails from the land of gunsling and I tell ya one thing
diggity Das EFX we run things, hunting
down hardcore clowns and love singers
and I got more styles than Brooklyn got drug slingers (word up!)
Police oppress me, MC's wanna stiggity stress me
Tickity talkin more trash than a Hefty
Heaven-to-Betsy when Dray spark the sess, we left
you faggot MC's marked for death

Chorus

Verse 2: Dray, Books

I line up rappers then I drop em like they're dominos (No diggedy!)
And naybody from their poppa to their momma knows (No diggedy!)
We got the flows to get ya hyper, plug up the mic-uh
phiggity-phone and then it's on because I'm just the type-uh
And ain't no diggedy, I flow until infinity, you must be kiddin me
ain't niggity nuttin gettin rid of me
Big up to PMD, forever gettin blunted
Flooded in the triple black Benz 500

I riggity rap like Saram from here to Pakistan
Me and my man came to kick styles out the can
Fridge you with the flow, yo it's the big chill
Ship all pounds plus stack my grants in a hill
So you better set the *?backra?* or ya head'll splat
I smiggity smoked the pot that called the kettle black
Provoke and get your jiggity jaw broke
B-K-L-Y-N we no joke!

Chorus

Verse 3: Dray, Books

Well yo the 1 is for them suckers, the 2 is for my shortys
the 3 is for my knuckers puffin els and crackin 40's
Diggy Das EFX you know the text we never slackin
We back and fliggity flex a nigga, check the rappin

Niggas be actin shady!!!!
so I got eyes behind my back and I biggity black the 80
Yo we crazy as they come smokin blunts by the carton
Beg your pardon but MC's is a pain like ????
Sharpen up your skills, it's on the real to break em down
My sound is strictly hardcore underground

Chorus x1 1/2
Whatever..
Dre just let it run
Hey Yo turn the beat up a lil bit
Hey Yo.. this song is for anyone.. fuck it
Just shut up and listen, Hey Yo

[Verse 1]
I sit back with this pack of Zig Zags and this bag
Of this weed it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this (MC on this)... Earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve
All this tension dispensin these sentences
Gettin this stress that's been eatin me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully (peacefully)..
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eatin or feedin my daughter
To not come and speak to me (speak to me)..
I don't know you and no,
I dont owe you a mo-therfuck-in thing
I'm not Mr. N*Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick
If you tempt me my tank is on empty (is on empty)..
No patience is in me and if you offend me
I'm liftin you 10 feet (liftin you 10 feet).. in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me destroy you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of arguin'
I don't mean to be mean but that's all I can be is just me

[Chorus]
And I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
Radio won't even play my jam
Cause I am, whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am?
In the paper, the news everyday I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am

[Verse 2]
Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered
with all of this nonsense it's constant
And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content -
That song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses"
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately
Points a finger at me (finger at me)..
So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinky
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, cause they full of shit too
When a dude's gettin bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn).. and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper class ci-ty
Havin this happenin (this happenin)..
Then attack Eminem cause I rap this way (rap this way)..
But I'm glad cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire
To burn and it's burnin and I have returned

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
I'm so sick and tired of bein admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label and stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name Is"
And pigeon-holed into some pop-py sensation
To cop me rotation at rock'n'roll stations
And I just do not got the patience (got the patience)..
To deal with these cocky caucasians who think
I'm some wigger who just tries to be black cause I talk
With an accent, and grab on my balls, so they always keep askin
The same fuckin questions (fuckin questions)..
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who what when, the where, and the how
'Til I'm grabbin my hair and I'm tearin it out
Cause they drivin me crazy (drivin me crazy).. I can't take it
I'm racin, I'm pacin, I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for ev-ery fan that I get
But I can't take a SHIT, in the bathroom
Without someone standin by it
No I won't sign your autograph
You can call me an asshole but I'm glad

[Chorus]
Intro: B-Real and Sen Dog

B-R: Pa' la salud! (to your health!)
SD: Pa' la salud! (to your health!)
B-R: Primero yo... (me first...)
(gulp)
B-R: *grrrrrah!*
B-R and SD: *mexican yells*
SD: Cometelo! (eat it!)

Verse One: B Smooth

Word up, Tequila style... eat the worm Motherfucker
(overlapping intro's end)

Tequila spice, hot nice
Milling rice, sipping on Jose Cuervo
Down in Tiajuana, Mexico
Thinking of the big score the night before
Met the connect, who was impressively dressed
In high fabrics
With troops like Babe Ruth, up on the mezzanine
Brandishing sub-machine guns, aye-yo
It's all about the money, son
Now that's the only reason
We came south of the border, to complete this work order
We gotta get it, no looking back, going all out for it
Ready to attack, die in a minute flat for it
As God is my witness, we got ditches
for all you motherfuckin fake bitches
It all boils down to the business
Nothing personal, when niggaz acting like they helping you
I fuckin blast you like Frank Castle, motherfucker!

Chorus

Tequila Sunrise, bloodshot eyes
Realize we're all born to die
So get the money nigga!
(repeat 2x)

Verse Two: B-Real

I never knew money like this, in the palm of my hand
'Til I met the man with mad hook-up, and big plan
Every where you look'a, he got everybody shook up
Running for cover, the big bad WOOF, motherfucker
He was like a father figure, show me the bigger picture
Fuck slangin' on the corner, don't let the pigs get you
Not like these fools who don't comprehend
You end up doing a twenty-five bid in the pen
You got that? Getting your cup, I took a swig
The bitter taste of the 'mezcal', free worm shit
Droppin' a lesson, he slapped my face, he said listen
Pay attention brotha, you're my ace, but don't ever question
Just do what I say, and you'll be rich
And keep this in your mind: rats lay in a ditch with no spine
Don't ever forget that golden rule in the game
Cheers, they all know your name, it's like fame
Why, women and money don't mix, like drinking an' driving
Watch those conniving women and keep your eye out
Always be aware of what's around you
They wanna down you, and fuckin clown you
Keep your shit in order the money won't stop
Pretty soon you'll be on top

Chorus

Verse Three: B-Real

Tequila Sunrise, with the bloodshot eyes
My, my, my, how time flies and goes by surprise
My mentor passed on and passed a warn to me, emergency
For my enemies who wanna murder me
Eat the worm, motherfucker, while you burn, motherfucker
Better kill me, don't let me return, motherfucker
Trust no man, cause I'll be back, you understand?
With a plan, and my ace in hand, I want it all
I recall the words from Jesus, you are the Juice
Better go get it, don't let it get to your head, embed it
Let these words stick, you better be ready to die
Now take a fucking sip, caution it, but I never lie

Chorus

(music outro)
(bridge 1)
Slow down, dont rush
Im here to keep the peace but Im prepared to say, ay
Slow down, dont rush
Im here to keep the peace but Im prepared, now I say

(chorus-afu-ra)
Yeah, I pledge allegiance to the hip-hop
Yeah, I pledge allegiance to it nonstop
What, I pledge allegiance to the hip-hop
Yeah, I pledge allegiance to it nonstop

(afu-ra)
Meditation, equality, it keeps me level headed, the men-tal-ity
Cool, calm, posignatic with suggestion
Never stressin, heat chambers never sweatin
Honeys cryin, cause her man she caught cheatin
Mothers eyein, sons cut down like bushes
Daddys sicker than the land lord, just evicted
Stressed to death, month to month until he kicked it
I seen ya hustlin on the dark streets, the mental
Look what you been through, you just escaped reality
Now what ya into, is just a technicality
Check it, deep inside of my head like t.v.
The lifestyle I live so crooked you wont believe me
Lessons learned that I could walk a tight rope
Even though I toke and choke, dont provoke
Uh, now you can call me afu-rastahood
cause I rob from the rich and I give to the good
Even though its for the money b, Im droppin dollars g
Straight shots in the head, peep the summary
Wake up in the mornin got me yearnin for food
Yeah, yeah what, huh, Im that type a dude
Pledge allegiance, pay attention, payin homage
So much time held in my hand, none for college (college)

(chorus)
Hey afu, hey afu, hey afu, hey afu
(bridge 2)
Slow down, dont rush,
Im here to keep the peace but Im prepared to bust
They wanna cut my meditation with their crooked laws
Say I cant hold a bong and smoke my la
If its war that they want we already are registered
The king, it is he, who defends me
So when its time for the showdown
Well march in the soldiers babylon, get throwed down
When the war is over we run up the whole town
And my spliff will stay lit from sun up to sun down
Ay, afu

(bridge 1)

(afu-ra)
Stimulating, verses like blood working
Paper hits the pen like the needle to ya skin
Blow ya blood up, xena, hero-in
More contagious than sex (sex), nobody flex
Dangerous minds, little kids throw gang signs
Treacherous times, too many cant press rewind
Stress the elevation, wrap my thoughts like a mummy
Its funny, how sometimes some smart ones a dummy
Scorin a million, forget the s.a.t.
Now I leap on towers in piza, peep the ether
Wrap it in a scroll, pass it off to carmani
Lessons of exquisietness verses poetry

(bridge 1)
(chorus)
[Chorus]
They see me rollin' They hatin'
Patrollin' they try to catch me ridin' dirty
Try to catch me ridin' dirty
Try to catch me ridin' dirty
Try to catch me ridin' dirty
Try to catch me ridin' dirty
My music so loud I'm swangin'
They hopin' that they gon catch me ridin' dirty
Try to catch me ridin' dirty
Try to catch me ridin' dirty
Try to catch me ridin' dirty
Try to catch me ridin' dirty

[Verse 1 - Chamillionaire]
Police think they can see me lean
I'm tint so it ain't easy to be seen
When you see me ride by, they can see the glean
And my shine on the deck and the TV screen
Ride with a new chick, she like hold up
Next to the playstation controller
Is a full clip and my pistola
Turn a jacker into a coma
Girl you ain't know, I'm crazy like Krayzie Bone
Just tryin' to bone, ain't tryin to have no babies
Rock clean itself, so I pull in ladies
Laws of patrolling, you know they hate me
Music turned all the way up until the maximum
I can speak for some niggas, tryin to jack for some
But we packin somethin that we have and, um
will have a nigga locked up in the maximum
Security cell, I'm grippin oak (oak)
Music loud and tippin' slow (slow)
Twist and twistin' like hit this dough (dough)
Pull up from behind and is in his throat (throat)
Windows down gotta stop pollution
CDs change niggas like who is that producing?
This the Play-N-Skillz when we out and cruisin'
Got warrants in every city except Houston, but I'm still ain't losin'

[Chorus]

[Verse 2 - Krayzie Bone]
I been drinkin' and smokin', holdin' shit cause a brother can't focus
I gotta get to home 'fore the po po's scope this big ol' Excursion swerving all up in the curve, man
Nigga been sippin' on that Hennessey and the gin again is in again, we in the wind
Doin' a hundred while I come from the block
And rollin' another one up, we livin' like we ain't givin' a fuck
I got a revolver in my right hand, 40 oz. on my lap freezing my balls
Roll a nigga tree, green leaves and all
Comin' up pretty deep, me and my dawg
I gotta get back to backstreets
Wanted by the six pound and I got heat, glock glock, shots to the block, we creep creep
Pop Pop hope cops don't see me, on a low key
With no regards for the law we dodge 'em like fuck 'em all
But I won't get caught up and brought up on charges for none of y'all
Keep a gun in car, and a blunt to spark, but well if you want, nigga you poppin' dark
Ready or not we bust shots off in the air, Krayzie Bone and Chamillionaire

[Chorus]

[Verse 3 - Chamillionaire]
Do what you thinkin' so, I tried to let you go
Turn up a blink of light and I swang it slower
A nigga upset for sure cause they think they know that they catchin me with plenty of the drinkin drough
So they get behind me tryin to check my tags, look at my rearview and they smilin'
Thinkin' they'll catch me on the wrong well keep tryin'
Cause they denyin' is racial profiling
Houston, TX you can check my tags
Pull me over try to check my slab
Glove compartment gotta get my cash
Cause the crooked cops try to come up fast
And been a baller that I am I talk to them, giving a damn 'bout not feeling my attitude
When they realize I ain't even ridin' dirty bet you'll be leavin with an even madder mood
I'mma laugh at you then I'mma have to cruise I'm in number two on some more DJ Screw
You can't arrest me plus you can't sue
This a message to the laws tellin them WE HATE YOU
I can't be toss or tell em that they shoulda known
Tippin' down sittin' crooked on my chrome
Bookin' my phone tryin' to find a chick I wanna bone
Like they couldn't stop me I'mma bout to pull up at your home and it's on

[Chorus 2x]
Boom Boom Boom (Breathin)
Ready for action,nip it in the bud
We never relaxin, Outkast is everlastin
Not clashin,not at all
But see my nigga went to do a lil actin
Now that's for anyone askin
Gimme one, pass em
Drip,Drip,Drop there goes an eargasm
Now you cumin out the side of ya face
We tappin right into ya memory banks (thanks)
So click-it or ticket, lets see your seatbelt fastened
Trunk rattlin like two midgets in the backseat wrasslin
Speakerboxx vibratin the tag
Make it sound like aluminum cans in the bag.

But I know y'all wanted that 808
Can ya feel that B-A-S-S bass
But I know y'all wanted that 808
Can ya feel that B-A-S-S bass

(Chorus)
I like the way you move
I like the way you move (Woooo)
I love the way you move
I love the way,I love the way
I like the way you move
I like the way you move (Woooo)
I love the way you move
I love the way,I love the way

The whole room fell silent
The girls all paused wit glee
Turnin' left, Turnin' right, are they lookin at me?
Well I was lookin at them, there, there on the dance floor
Now they got me in the middle feelin' like a man-whore
Especially the big girl, big girls need love too
No discrimination here, squirrel
So keep ya hands off my cheeks
Let me study how you ride the beat (Ya big freak)
Skinny slim women got the camel-toe within 'em
You can hump them
Lift them
Bend them
Give them something to remember
Yell out "timber" when you fall through the chopshop
Take a deep breath and exhale
You ex-male friend, boyfriend was boring as hell
Well let me listen to the story you tell
And we can make moves like a person in jail...On da low,hoe

(Chorus)

Sleepy Brown:
Hey baby, girl don't you it
Come on lady, dance all around me
You look so fine, look so fine
Drive me outta my mind, out of my mind, out of my mind (Aawww baby!)
If I could, I would just leave with you, baby
Cause you light me and exite me
And you know you got me, baby (Wooo!)

(Chorus til fade)
Welcome back. *audience applauds*
We're here on Bad Boy television, and I'm Trevin Jones
and I've been conversing with the Mad Rapper.
And quite frankly -- he's very mad.
We're gonna TRY to find out why; so we'll take some questions
at this point from our studio audience.
Yes ma'am, please stand and state your name, and where you're from.

Hi, my name is Shay, and I'm from New Rochelle
and, I just don't understand, why you so mad. (yo, yo)
Like what are you so mad about? (yo, yo, y-y-yo)

You wanna know why, yo first of all, yo first of all you can't
be askin me no question knowhatI'msayin who the fuck is you?
(Ahh, excuse me, Mr. Rapper, Mr. Rapper.) YouknowhatI'msayin?
You can't be askin me no question (It's a family oriented show.)
I'ma tell you why I'm mad, youknowhatI'msayin? I'ma tell you why
I'm mad. I'ma tell you why I'm mad. These niggaz is makin five
hundred thousand dollar videos, yunusayin? They drivin around in
hot cars, yunusayin? They got bitches, they got all that shit.
(Sir, please, please, refrain from your foul language.)
YouknowhatI'msayin? I'm still livin with my MOMS, youknowhatI'msayin?
That's my word. Yunusayin? I'm makin records I ain't made no money
yet I done made this is my fourth album yo, this my FOURTH ALBUM.
I ain't made a dime yet. This nigga made one album, he makin wild
records. That Ready to Die shit, it was aight, it was aight,
yunumsayin, that shit was aight, it was cool. But my shit is
more John Blaze than that! I got John Blaze shit. And they not
recognizing, they not sayin I recognize. And fuck is that, who
is you to be askin me questions, youknowhatI'msayin? Who is you?
*Mad Rapper fades out*

[cut and scratched "I gots to talk. I gotta tell what I feel.
I gotta talk about my life as I see it!"]

Intro: repeat 2X ('Biggie' repeats every line of beat)

This goes out to you
This goes out to you, and you, and you, and you

Verse One:

Your reign on the top was short like leprechauns
As I crush so-called willies, thugs, and rapper-dons
Get in that ass, quick fast, like ramadan
Its that rap phenomenon Don-Dadda, fuck Poppa
You got ta, call me, Francis M.H. White
in tank-light totes, tote iron
Was told in shootouts, stay low, and keep firin
Keep extra clips for extra shit
Who's next to flip, on that cat with that grip on rap
The mo shady, "Tell em!", Frankie baby
Ain't no tellin where I may be
May see me in D.C. at Howard Homecomin
with my man Capone, dumbin, fuckin somethin
You should know my steelo
Went from ten G's for blow to thirty G's a show
to orgies with hoes I never seen befo'
so, Jesus, get off the Notorious
penis, before I squeeze and bust
If the beef between us, we can settle it
With the chrome and metal shit
I make it hot, like a kettle get
You're delicate, you better get, who sent ya?
You still pedal shit, I got more rides than Great Adventure
Biggie, "How are you gonna do it?"

Chorus: repeat 4X

Kick in the door, wavin the four-four
All you heard was Poppa don't hit me no more

Verse Two:

On ya mark, get set, when I spark, ya wet
Look how dark it get, when ya marked with death
Should I start your breath should I let you die
In fear you start to cry, ask why
Lyrically, I'm worser, don't front the word sick
You cursed it, but rehearsed it
I drop unexpectedly like bird shit
You herbs get, stuck quickly for royalties and show money
Don't forget the publishin, I punish em, I'm done with them
Son, I'm surprised you run with them
I think they got cum in them, cause they, nothin but dicks
Tryin to blow up like nitro and dynamite sticks
Mad I smoke hydro rock diamonds, that's sick
Got pay off my flow, rhyme with my own click
Take trips to Cairo, layin with yo bitch
I know you prayin you was rich, fuckin prick
When I see ya I'ma

Chorus

Verse Three:

This goes out for those that choose to use
Disrespectful views on the King of NY
Fuck that, why try, throw bleach in your eye
Now ya Braille in it, stash that light shit, or scalin it
Conscience of ya nonsense in eighty-eight
Sold more powder than Johnson and Johnson
Tote steel like Bronson, vigilante
You wanna get on son, you need to ask me
Ain't no other king in this rap thing
They siblings, nothing but my chil'ren
One shot, they disappearin
Its ill when, MC's used to be on cruddy shit
Took home, Ready to Die, listened, studied shit
Now they on some money shit, successful out the blue
They light weight, fragilly, my nine milly
make the white shake, thats why my money never funny
And you still recoupin, stupid *echoes*
I've never seen you look like
This without a reason
Another promise fallen through
Another season passes by you

I never took the smile away
From anybody's face
And that's a desperate way to look
For someone who is still a child

In a big country
Dreams stay with you
Like a lover's voice
Fires the mountainside
Stay alive

I thought that pain and truth
Were things that really mattered
But you can't stay here with
Every single hope you had shattered

I'm not expecting to grow
Flowers in the desert
But I can live and breathe
And see the sun in wintertime

In a big country
Dreams stay with you
Like a lover's voice
Fires the mountainside
Stay alive

In a big country
Dreams stay with you
Like a lover's voice
Fires the mountainside
Stay alive

So take that look out of here
It doesn't fit you
Because it's happened doesn't mean
You've been discarded

Pull up your head off the floor
Come up screaming
Cry out for everything
You ever might have wanted

I thought that pain and truth
Were things that really mattered
But you can't stay here with
Every single hope you had shattered

I'm not expecting to grow
Flowers in the desert
But I can live and breathe
And see the sun in wintertime

In a big country
Dreams stay with you
Like a lover's voice
Fires the mountainside
Stay alive

In a big country
Dreams stay with you
Like a lover's voice
Fires the mountainside
Stay alive

In a big country
Dreams stay with you
Like a lover's voice
Fires the mountainside
Stay alive
Nineteen ninety
Chubb Rock jumps up on the scene
With a lean
And a pocket full of green
The green doesn't symbolize I made it on the top
But RoboCop last year was a shock
The tone of the Popeye cut shook your butt
Kids are screaming; the media says, &amp;quot;What...
&amp;quot;Kind of music is this for you to dance to?&amp;quot;
The man with the plan and the man demands you
Leave the smack and the crack for the wack
Or the vile and the nine; keep a smile like that
Leave the knife and the gun in the store
And ignore temptation
Sent by the nation
Racial gain causes pain; need a new rep
In your hearts and minds never forget Yusef
Hawkins
And you're walking
You don't just run
Black on black; remember that; it's important
Anyway the shunless one brings forth the fun
No hatred; the summer's almost done
No time for sleep
Jump in your Jeep
And pump up the funky beat a whole week
Beeper goes off yo smash it and trash it
You're too young to be plumped in a casket
Just get your boys and bring the noise
And just swing it
And party people, sing it

Chorus:
Treat me right
I'll treat you good

Kids in the crib want dibs on the big man
&amp;quot;Can he come out? Can he come out and slam a jam?
&amp;quot;I'm his number one fan, yes I am&amp;quot;
All these kids realize that I'm the man
Six foot three and maybe a quarter of an inch bigger
Than last year, but still a unique figure
Rob Swinger, Doc No, Dinky, and Hot Dog know
That I'm a man who was born to have a mic on
Next to me at all time; ready to kick a rhyme
That will keep me out of financial bind
That's why when it comes to fans I'm never mean
Kids all see me between Gates and Green
Always say hello
Cause I'm a modest fellow
Never try and play a super star that's mellow
Cause if these kids don't go buy our records
We'll be has-beens and plus naked
So we owe them
So pull out your pen
Sign an autograph; you might make a new friend
So just get your boys and bring the noise and just swing it
And party people in the house, sing it

Chorus

Party people in the house, listen up
I'm the man with the plan and the man rips it up
Peace to Howie Tee, good lookin', gee
Swinger, Hot Dog, Doc No, Bud, Ev Lover, Dinky
Fish and chips with the hippy hippy hips
Before the tune ends, give me some lips (ah!)
Sanity Crystal, my niece
And Lady Kazam, my homegirl, peace
And leave the guns and have fun; out!
And oh yeah, sing it

Chorus

Break

Well coming back
To nineteen ninety
Chubb Rock jumps up on the scene with a lean and a hardcore dream
The dream wasn't crafted to be pornographic
Decency started from the crib, plus kids
Don't need to hear all of that on the rap
The strength of my vibe placed Chubbs on the map
Cause authority, seniority goes far
My staff gives autographs plus gives nuff laughs
Read my mic, heed my sight, and definitely lead you right
Just treat me right
Peace

Treat me right
Treat me right
Treat me right
Pick it up, pick it up (4X)
If you find a bag of weed on the floor motherfucker
What the fuck you gon do
Pick it up, pick it up (3X)

Verse One:

While I crack a cold Beck's and keep the hoes in check
The double-S vest nigga wreck the discotheque
Sit back relax and while my Squad kick tacks
Then tap your man back and be like &amp;amp;quot;Did you see that??&amp;amp;quot;
Ahh yes, comin from the North South East West
Hold your nose and take a deep breath, recess
we bless, mics, three times a day
Three times a night, it all equals subliminal sequels
Strictly laughing at MC's
Lyrics for years that run more than ten deep
Niggaz be like &amp;amp;quot;Ahh he changed his style up&amp;amp;quot;
Shut the fuck up, ya still a dick-ridah
It's nine-six so get with it
Peep that back-in-the-day shit when that other Squad was Hit-tin
Listen, must we forget, I originated
all that wild shit, that rrraahh rrraaoowww shit
That jump up and ready to fuck shit up now shit
Brick City!! Is where I get down kid
Peace to all my buddah smokers on Prince
Fuck what ya heard, Brick City runs shit

PPP got the glocks and tecs
And Def Squad always got some fly shit on deck
Say what? Got some fly shit on deck
Say WHAT? Got some fly shit on deck
PPP got the glocks and tecs
And Def Squad always got some fly shit on deck

Verse Two:

First of all, MC's be on my balls, straight up
Pubic hairs and everything, lick the whole plate up
Bay Area, roll up your Las Vegas
To all MC's, I love it that you hate us
Drop skills that might send wind chill factors
Back through Patterson, J.C. and Hacken-sack
Step uncorrect and get blackened
The assassin, find da MC's by the jazz men
I don't tote guns I tote funds
While you still puzzled how my antidote runs
Your whole vocabulary's played out, admit it
Still wack if it came out my mouth and I spit it
You remind me of school on a Sunday
No class, beatin all King's down
doin over seventy, in a Hyundai, blast
Give em a good reason to open Alcatraz
Back, nobody got the Red shook
Been a weirdo everysince the doctor said PUSH
Def Squad skills make it hard to overlook me
That's why them hardcore promoters still book me
You shook G... word up... hah hah...

If you see a bag of weed on the floor motherfucker
What the fuck you gon do
Pick it up, pick it up
If you see a bitch passed on out the fuckin ground
What the fuck you gon do
Pick her up, pick her up
I keep it fly y'all
Fly fly y'all (5X)

Verse Three:

Aiyyo, don't ride the dick of these real MC's
We pull Joints like Spike and blow crews to degrees
Then we buy G's with a half a pound of dope MC's
We bag for cheese just to get weed
Smoke indoneez I'm milky like Magnese
Oh-seven-one-oh-three, rest them car thieves
Guzzlin quart for sports of all sorts
Nonchalant spark buddah on the front porch
at courts, F-U-N-K-D-O-C
S-P-O-T, feel the Solo type remedy
Then freeze.... hah, ha-hah
Where was I? Oh yes
Sippin on Cristal with fingers up your bitch dress
Don't play close cause jealousy make folks act loc
Another nigga smoked from impression
Second guessin my verbal weapon, you're lettin
Spit, sixteen bits, come equipped
And I still walk around with the hooked up
Motorola flip on my hip, fuck the government
Drop shit, it's a microscopic topic
How I stay mo' big than McDonald arches
And uptown got the la-la spots
And bad ass hoes with 54-11 Reeboks
But still, I walk around with the grill
Cause niggaz be blinded by this hip-hop shit for real
I ain't havin that, I'm clappin shit
Fuck this rappin shit, I cause accidents
To any, MC who wonder what got in me
To get busy, it's simply Ginger and Remi
It don't stop, Def Squad crew is hot
Fillin up your brain with supreme octane, and it's on
*static from radio surfing*

Thanks Bill
This week on NIN, Niggers in Newark
We're gonna take you through some glorious weed spots
that my camera crew and I had a chance to visit
during our stay in Da Bricks
Although we suffered minor setback this week
when our TV satellite van was stolen
We managed to get around best way possible
We had chances to see spots like
Hawthorne Ave, Hayes Homes, South Orange Ave
Avon Ave, 19th Ave, Chancellor and Bergen
19th and One-Duke; hey if you look closely right now
there's someone about to go for their drugs
or as they would say, stash
Hey, hey buddy, you about to sell some drugs?

[Redman]
Aiyyo man get the fuck out! *blam blam blam*

This here, is the telephone line
of one of the many top notch weed sellers out of Newark
Ladies and gentlemen, what I will try to do
is tap into the line, and hear an actual drug deal in progress
Shhh...
Chorus (T.I.)]
[Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town
Hey shawty, I was feenin'for you
(Was you thinkin' of me, ay, ay...)
[Trina] Hey, let's get room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down
(Whachu would do?)
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you

[Verse 1]
Bet they be like &amp;quot;I know he tired of the nightlife
He want a wife, he just lookin' for the right type&amp;quot;
Yea right, I be ridin' through the city lights
My hat bent, gettin' high behind the 'lac tint
I'm chilllin' with Brazilian women, heavy accents
They black friends translatin', got'em all ass naked, adjacent
Have relations wit'em many places
Leavin' semen in they Pretty faces
Make'em kiss they partners with it in they faces
Young pimpin' sprung women 'cross the 50 states
Got young ladies requestin' &amp;quot;What's Yo Name&amp;quot; on 50 stations
Askin' me what's a pussy popper, want a demonstration
But I ain't waitin' til the second date, I'm so impatient
Relieve'em of they aggravation, take'em rollerskatin'
On them Dayton's, tell'em &amp;quot;Baby, stick with me, you goin' places&amp;quot;
Go replace'em, draw erase'em out my memory
Moist panties and wet sheets when they think of me

[Chorus (T.I.)]
[Trina] Hey, let's get away and a room on the other side of town
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you
(Was you feenin' for me? Ay, sing it for me, pimpin')
[Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down
(Tell'em shawty)
Yea baby, I was feenin' for you

[Verse 2]
Yo, yo... uh..
From Miami to Cali, from Vegas to Jersey
Got'em in Houston, Virginia, New Orleans, ya heard me?
All the classy ones like to act like they a virgin
And the nasty ones like when I talk to'em dirty
But I'm breakin' the ice, got'em laughin' and flirtin'
They be, removin' they skirts when they hop in the 'burban
Once the flick start playin' and the &amp;quot;E&amp;quot; start kickin' in
Her girlfriend lickin' and she beggin' me to stick it in
That's why, I like chillin' with women who like women
Lightskinned... Asians, Jamaicans and white women
Indians, Italians, Haitians and Puerto Ricans
They be itchin' for they chance and waitin' in me to freak'em
They say..

[Chorus (T.I.)]
[Girl] Hey, let's get away and a room on the other side of town
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you
(Was you feenin' for me? Ay, tell'em for me, pimpin')
[Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down
(Ay, listen to me)
Yea baby, I was feenin' for you
(Was you feenin' for me?)

[Verse 3]
Excuse me shawty, but I been watchin' you now for a while
Yo whole style, from yo toes to the way that you smile
And I hope you ain't offended by the way that this sounds
But uhh... all I keep thinkin' bout is layin' you down
And I'm, keepin' it pimpin', I ain't playin' around
Ain't got that kinda time cuz this the only day I'm in town
So come and, chill in the cut if you willin' to cut
And when you, give me a hug I be feelin' yo butt
Now so while for while we talkin', I'm fillin' yo cup
We killin' the bottle, wake up in dirty linen tomorrow
But tell me would it trouble you if we ended up at the W-
Sippin' on a malibu pine apple juice and a blunt or two
Now whachu wanna do? Opportunity's right in front of you
Know you used to meetin' dudes, dodgin'em for a month or two
But young pimpin' spit linen to the young women
I'm T.I.P., known as pussy popper to some women

[Chorus (T.I.)]
[Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town
Hey shawty, I was feenin' for you
(Was you feenin' for me... ay, ay...)
[Trina] Hey, let's get room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you
(Oh yea... c'mon, tell'em)
[Trina] Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you
(Shit I'm on my way)
[Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down
Yea baby, I was feenin' for you

[Jazze Pha talking]
Whoa whoa whoa..
Ladies and gentlemen
This... is a Jazze Phizzle, T.I. collaborangelle..
King of the south! Oh boy!
Jazze Phizzle, T.I., Grand Hustle daddy!
So smooth daddy... futuristic..
Pimps up daddy!
"Dilated Peoples"

Hook:
I work the angles sharp and precise
Dilated Peoples so you better build twice
"Act like ya know, not now but right now"
Dilated Peoples

"Skills I possess"

Iriscience:
I go through rivers
So I don't leave a scent
I travel both directions but leave one set of prints
It's just a little trick
Of the indigenous
Developing inner visions of what religion is
I caught the understanding and the underhanded
I plan to build my ship been banded to another planet
Under heavy surveillance
Many different agents
Some are camouflage others are very blatant
I study weapon systems and vocal fighting forms
I maybe lose a head, the thoughts are highly formed
Like time times time times time is time squared
Wipe ya ass sayin' ? you don't rhyme fair
But I never dummy lyrics and they kick it to my people
It's about communication not a rappers ego
Messages I sneak in they seem to seep in
Mixed with alcohol and weed on the weekend
Shared among friends like various sins
One day it clicks it's no longer dim
Time release capsules humble the headstrong
Your thoughts of taking me head on are dead wrong

Hook

Evidence:
Evidence the master of Aketo
I let go, karate confrontations
Evidence scientist in innovation
I locks on when I travels around planets
Smooth but got a ruff edge like Pulitzer pianists
? your attack receive payments for the cadence
A in this, you get fit fowl with flagrance
Free agents on the dotted line more hard to sign
Not easily impressed with gold mines and whole nines
I'm somewhere in-between never rushed and in a hurry
And when I swing my bat I don't think I'll miss like baseball
Fury the jury's hung
Converted and got no chance
Dilated comes first the rest are second like Stu Lance
Oh yes it get better everyday
The A-1, is my mind on vintage display?
Unattended in this case
(The Ace two steps ahead)
Everyday is Mayday and best friends are Feds
But I know this that's why they closest
In a crisis situation you negotiate first
I'm perfectly focused
Strategic and in a zone
It was radar detected but my speed was unknown
Anonymity, that's my key to survival
Ev is not for Evidence it's for all the dense on trial
Just remember in this game it take two to tango
Don't go to them let them come to you
And work the angles

Hook
(Calling all cars, calling all cars...)
(Be on the lookout for a tall light-skinned brother with dimples)
(Wearing a black kangol, sweatsuit, gold chain, and sneakers)
(Last seen on Farmers Boulevard headed east)
(Alias L.L. Cool J)
(He's bad...)
Aaaahhhhhhhhhh...

No rapper can rap quite like I can
I'll take a musclebound man and put his face in the sand
Not the last Mafioso I'm a MC cop,
Make you say, "Go L.L. and do the wop"

If you think you can outrhyme me, yeah boy I bet
Cause I ain't met a motherfucker who can do that yet
Trendsetter I'm better my rhymes are good
I got a gold name plate that says I wish you would

And when rap begin then I gotta join in and
Before my rhyme is over you know I'm a win
Cool J has arrived so you better make way
Ask anybody in the crowd they say the kid don't play!

Sparring competition that's my hobby and job
I don't wear a disguise because I don't owe the mob
Got a pinpoint rap that makes you feel trapped
So many girls on my jock I think my phone here is tapped

I'm bad
(Cool J)
(Cool J)
(Cool J)
(C C C C Cool J J)
(Cool J)
(C C C C C C C Cool J J J J J)

I'm like Tyson icin' I'm a soldier at war
I'm makin' sure you don't try to battle me no more
Got concrete rhymes been rappin' for ten years and
Even when I'm braggin' I'm bein' sincere

MC's can't win I make 'em rust like tin
They call me Jaws my hat is like a shark's fin
Because I'm bad as can be got my voice on wax
Some brothers think he's making records now he must have relaxed

I couldn't shouldn't and it'll stay that way
The best rapper you've heard is L.L. Cool J
Kamikaze take a look at what I've done
Used to rock in my basement now I'm number one

And can happen on time never standin' on lime
You wanna try me first you better learn how to rhyme
I'm the pinnacle that means I reign supreme
And I'm notorious I'll crush you like a jelly bean

I'm bad

I eliminate punks cut 'em up in chunks
You were souped you heard me and your ego shrunk
I'm devastating I'm so good it's a shame
Cause I eat rappers like a cannibal they call me insane

I'm as strong as a bull of course you know I am pull
I enjoy what I'm doing plus I'm paid in full
Not Buckaroo Bonsai but busted out as I
Say the kind of rhymes that make MC's wish that I died

Never retire or put my mike on the shelf
The baddest rapper in the history of rap itself
Not bitter or mad just provin' I'm bad
You want a hit give me a hour plus a pen and a pad

MC's they retreat cause they know I can beat 'em
And eat 'em in a battle and the ref won't cheat 'em
I'm the best takin' out all rookies
So forget Oreos eat Cool J coookies

I'm bad
(Cool J)
(Cool J)
(Cool J)
(Cool J J J)
(Cool J J J)
(C Cool J)

Never ever no never
Never wearin' no Levis battle me why try
I'll treat you like a stepchild so tell mommy bye bye
Sparrin' MC's and I'm a never get whipped
When I retire I'll get worshiped like an old battleship

L.L. I'm bad other rappers know
When I enter the center they say, "Yo, yo there he go!"
My paycheck's large Mr. Bogart in charge
Not a puncher or hunter from a rap cool large

The original Todd teachin' how to be hard
Take the skin off a snake and split a pea from a pod
You're a novice I'm noble and I decipher my tongue
Not Atilla the Hun but no I'm Threwler his son

My vocals exact like rack and pinion in a Jag
You try to brag you get your rhymes from a grab-bag
No good scavenger catfish vulture
My tongue's a chisel in this competition sculpture

I'm bad
(Think I'm gonna need backup)
(Think I'm gonna need backup)
(Gimme that Walkie Talkie!)
(Yo this is L.L. Cool J)
(And you'll never catch me so don't even try it)
(I'm too bad for ya, understand...)
Aaaaaahhhh... I'm bad!
The brothers gonna work it out x 20

(Yo man, you guys are mean)
(You know that)
(Yo man, you guys are mean)
(You know that)
(Yo man, you guys are mean)
(You know that)

The brothers gonna work it out x 7

(Yo man, you guys are mean)
(You know that)
(Yo man, you guys are mean)
(You know that)
(Yo man, you guys are mean)
(You know that)
[Akil]
Yo, my metaphor, my musical madness
Move and motivate those with musical talents, uhh
Read it in bold print, we holdin it down
Lick a shot, hip-hop when we in yo' town
Uhh, master blaster sound
Freak the future far from here and now
With style, release increase the peace, uhh
Bubble with the beat 'til they feelin the heat in the streets
Now each one, teach one, reach one, young gun
On one, listen to the warrior's drum
Beatin up the block with the ghetto hop that knock
and make you wanna crash the spot
And unlock explode (BOOM) the alpha and omega code
With drum rolls and old soul, we uphold
And foretold to scores of six years ago
Fast flow from G. Rap to Kool Moe
Supasyllable, major to the minimal
Every individual, bounce to the tempo yo
Lungs collapse and raps be trapped in
The only way to make it happen, jaw-jappin, fast rappin

[Zaakir]
Yo, I'm the hot dog that run the hottest monologue
In star poetic inserts and yes y'all s
My speech is like holding two glocks apiece
The outreach that rock police
The super adventure men portend to put somethin in bitches
Win when we write, the Emmy winner get hyped, off any printer
And I came to get it (HIT IT)
Like Operation PUSH, operate the tush
Black octopus of soul, in inter-planetary patrol
I planted my gold, and low and behold
It's the brother doc, ready to rock-rock
Don't stop Hobbes, I known like the lumberjack chop chop
The wordsmith, I write in block letters of cursive
Curse my circus, serve this surface
And watch how the brother fet over
The fly Cassanova with the frankencense odor

[Percy P]
Bear witness
To where riches'll make career bitches share pictures
When the ears get this ya brainses software'll glitches
Splatter your brains
Leave scattered remains of matter and stains
That'll explain how you was battled and slain
I get rude and go, to your show and use a row
of fans to BOO and throw you off 'til you lose your flow
A pro mean like Joe Greene when I blow theme
Put your whole team on pause like cold cream
Then show laughter when I flow faster, your hoe haveta
go after her weave from the breeze when I blow past ya
I'm dapper plus ghetto and just pedal
When the dust settles we left in the rubble the crushed metal
Nurses with hearses sealin conversed with lit purses
Spit fire, make you first to bit, try me
Like Osama, odoma', I'ma cause trauma
And homicides when I collide I get kamikaze

[Big Daddy Kane]
Kane baby, walk hard, the p-jects
On streets of Brooklyn I'm a crew of D-cepts
On streets of L.A. I'm a whole E-set
On tracks with Jurassic I be the T-Rex
Still that Gucci dressin, still that coochie pressin
My pimp game smooth be-gets 'em
I don't use discretion; cop tends to be stressin
Fuck explainin it, who's he testin?
Finsta perform all physical forms
Leave your ass shakin like a Mystikal song
Please Dumb, what type of shit was you on?
Cause man to compress a nigga mean One less a nigga (uh-huh)
All I want is my niggaz all recruitin a slimmy
All I want is my liver all polluted with Remi
Duel with any, bring it, I face-off
Son you out your league like Jordan was with baseball

[Chali 2na]
Yeahhh, your majesty, word flash photography
Third class economy, blade slashed your artery
Nerve gassed anatomy, blurred past dramatically
Herbs hashed, my word splash packed agility
Never predictability
Manouvers of mind fully designed cause I'm true to the rhyme
We do the sublime, crackin yo' backbone
Attackin you wack clones
Vernacular right and exact, capital rap zone
that come back verbal assault rifle (ahhhhh)
We fight like Stokely Carmichael
Nope! We just like you
We broke and ain't no tellin what we might do
Ain't no joke
Provoke the right to reverse to seek mercy
with the King Asiatic and Percy P
Ain't heard the worst of me, until your chest 3-D
Spit venom and burn your body like a STD

[Marc 7]
Put a 20 on the next brother steppin to me wrong
I mess around a lick cause you done cheat on my theme song
This might seem wrong, but this is a mean song
Crushed like King-Kong, and just like ping-pong
Back and forth, I spit knowl' and toss, it's time to floss
My verbal affirmation is to always go off
When syllables slide you'll be enjoyin the vibe
When consider it pride, it's J5
When another deadly medley, camera action yo we heavy
Aim steady slash machette Mazeratti engine ready
Good and plenty don't be petty count the fetti and we jetti
OFF to another city where we do our nitty grity
We wild like Serengeti, tear it down let's seek and set it
Get ready, for the ride, verbally hand-glide
Write and stay tight, mission's in sight
Murderer worldwide the stage is yo' knife
It's the infamous back in the house once again
Livin the life that of diamonds and guns
and now gems pulls gats
like a basehead pulls on stems
the Mobb got the bomb run out and tell a friend
Drop A Gem On Em..

Verse One: Havoc

Take a tire, all these fake crooks need to retire
they gotcha gassed, takin back and snatch fire outcha
maggot ass, Havoc represent for the Q-B-C
smoke that ass like a lucie..tho I need to quit
fuck it, I love it like a cloud
over the projects your game Im above it
its combat, gats bangers and all that
you'se a small cat, whatever you on get off that
I mention, nuthin but the real shit presentin
the hollow tip crew 41st side convention
try for? you half-steppin
like a fresh tec out of the box
yo niggas I'm testin
(There's no question)
bitch ass have you confessin
like a D-T left in state of depression
you under pressure, intact no doubt catcher
the snitch-snatcher tookin wit asthma
you casper, you yell my name
thats only givin me props
plus the fans that you got, wonderin whats got you hot
its too not, knocked out the box and got rocked
got raped on the Island, you officially got
kick that thug shit, Vibe magazine on some love shit
(keep it real kid, you don't know who you fuckin wit)

Chorus: repeat 2X

It's the Infamous back in the house once again
Livin the life that of diamonds and guns
and now gems pull gats like a basehead pull on stems
the Mobb got the bomb run out and tell a friend
Drop A Gem On Em

Verse Two: Prodigy

Yeah likewise, Im tired of rap guys whose faggots
pure shuteye, and swole up your whole outside
I baptize, niggas get wet, put up your backside
your claptized and set straight, put on your head straight
watch out for,
these upstate cats be leary of you
yeddy niggas wit gats plus the walls on they backs
Rikers Island flashback of the house you got scuffed it in
you would think you gettin your head shot was enough but then
Now you wanna got at my team,
you must of been drunk when you wrote that shit
too bad you had to did it to your own self
my rebellion, I retaliate, I had the whole New York state
aimin at your face
at the gate, bottom line of top soon as you came through
shot through, don't even know the half of my crew
I got a hundred strong arm niggas ready to rock the shit
clocks tick, your days are numbered in low digits
you look suspicious, suspect niggas is bitches
get chppoed up, Grade A meat, somethin delicious
and laced back up, 2 G's, one for stitches
then reconstruct your face and learn how to speak again
my Mobb's like a bunch of wild Puerto Ricans
wit bangers the size of African spears
it's warfare in the arena, you turn arenas into house of horrors
its terrodome, when you see my click you need to run behind shit
you gotta gat you betta find it
and use that shit think fast and get reminded
of robberies in Manhattan you knew what happened
60 g's and one for gun clappin
Who Shot Ya? You'd probably scream louder than an opera
New York gotcha, now you wanna use my mob as a crutch
what makes you think you cant get bucked again
Once again, back in the house once again
live the life that of diamonds and guns
and now gems pull gats like a basehead pull on stems
the Mobb got the bomb run out and tell a friend
Its the Infamous..
Well they blew the horns
And the walls came down

They'd all been warned
And the walls came down

They just stood there laughing
They're not laughing anymore
The walls came down

Sanctuary fades
congregation splits

Nightly military raids
The congregation splits

It's a song of assassins
Ringin' in your ears
We got terrorist thinking
Playing on fears

Well they blew the horns
And the walls came down

They'd all been warned
But the walls came down

I don't think there are any Russians
And there ain't no Yanks
Just corporate criminals
playin' with tanks
Hello, my old friend.
It's good to see you smiling.
You've been around so long, you must be strong.
And single life really has its fine points,
Like friends to help you out when things go wrong.

Hold back the tears
That you've been cryin'.
Push off the fears
When they come around.

Hold back the tears,
And keep on trying.
Just around the next corner
May be waiting your true love.

Two lying fools,
And then four cryin' eyes,
Counting on one another to survive.
Crazy love must surely have this pain,
If getting up means going down again.

Hold back the tears
That you've been cryin'.
Push off the fears
When they come around.

Hold back the tears,
And keep on trying.
Just around the next corner
May be waiting your true love.
[Common]
She walk into the court her knees buckle
Saying for a man to survive he needn't hustle
Seen and been through struggle her whole life
Made a transition from being his ho to his wife
Stifling, the night upend the ATF bust in
Her daddy was a hustla so she love them
Looked at the jury how can they judge him, she screamed

[sample]
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Please let me testify

[Common]
Fear in her chest her face in tears, had her mans back he was facing years
In her name though the place was his
They trying to take everything except the kids
But years she been through stumbling fights
While he trying to hustle that white
Up all night wondering if hes alive
Seeing him tried she bubbled inside and screamed

[sample]
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Please let me testify

[Common]
The judge called for order the court reporter makin her words shorter
His lawyer sat next to him, she could see how the trial was affecting him
It hurt for her eyes to connect with him, using her lies for protecting him
They arrested him for murder, and gun possession
As they read back her confession she screamed

[sample]
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Please let me testify

[Common]
The court awaited as the foreman got the verdict from the bailiff
Emotional outbursts tears and smeared makeup
He stated, he was guilty on all charges
She's shaking like she took it the hardest
A spin artist, she brought her face up laughing
That's when the prosecutor realized what happened
All that speaking her mind testifying and crying
When this bitch did the crime- the queenpin...

[sample]
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Before you lock my love away, before you lock my love away
Please let me testify

You accuse me of a, you accuse me of a, you accuse
Please let me testify, please let me testify
You accuse me of a, you accuse me of a, you accuse
Please let me testify, please let me testify
[Big Punisher]
Hey yo it's all love, but love's got a thin line
and Pun's got a big nine, respect crime but not when it reflect mine
The shit I'm on is wrong but it lasts long
Pull a fast one, then Pun'll wake up, with the stash gone
I'm mad strong, and my cream is fast
Smoke the greenest grass, my bitch got the meanest ass
and a taste legit, I don't have to waste a whole case of Crist'
All it takes is my pretty face and my gangsta wit
Lace the click, cause we all share
It's all fair like love and war, thug galore with the long hair
Big Pun, Pun the name that makes the kids run
Like spelling murder reverse it deliver redrum
Come one, come all, if you wanna brawl
I'm the mighty Thor clotheslining motherfuckers like Steven Segall
Cause all you gonna get, is your ass kicked or up in a casket
That's it (that's it?) That's it

[Cuban Link]
Punisher bash it, at last it's, rappers that really blast shit
Cats getting Big Willie niggaz like Billy Bathgate
Up in Jimmy's Cafe, havin caviar
Crackin Cristal at the bar, smokin cigars, livin large
We rob and steal, run with the mob, doin jobs for bills
I'm hard to kill for real nigga guard your grill
I like to chill, spark an L and get high
I'm one hell of a guy, fly pelican fly

[JuJu]
Whattup Duke-o, you know, politickin papi chuco
I'm out here, watching for Jake, getting this loot though
Shoot bro, I got a waterproof suit yo
Swervin like a A.K.A. in Beirut yo
squeezin, out of automatic M3's and
please, you ain't seen no thugs like these
I can tell you lots of things that'll make you believe
In Corona yo it's better to take than to receive

[Psycho Les]
Your career's on life support, and I'ma pull the plug
and have every thug shootin that Beatnut drug
in they blood, no escapin this
Niggaz is goin over their favorite shit (for what?) to be tapin this
World premier, loud and clear
Lye and beer, get the dough, blow up the show
Dissapear, jump in the Cavalier
Feelin marvelous, street pharmacist, twist arboles
For pleasure, bring your territory sever
Keep my workers under pressure got em sayin &amp;amp;quot;FUCK LESTER&amp;amp;quot;
But that's aight Duke-o, my heart nowadays too cold
Don't give a fuck where you been what you done
where you go, you know, peep this favorite
In black shades like a secret, agent
We're night thieves, roll up on you sleeves
We light trees, bust these and stack cheese
Well I was drinkin' last night with a biker
And I showed him a picture of you
He said, "Pal get to know her, you'll like her
Seemed like the least I could do.
Cause when he's chargin' his chopper
Up and down your carpeted halls
You won't think it by contrast quite proper
Never mind how I stumble and fall.

You imagine me sipping champagne from your boot
For a taste of your elegant pride
I may be going to hell in a bucket, babe
But at least I'm enjoying the ride, at least I'll enjoy the ride.

Cause you're a sweet little softcore pretender
Somehow, babe, it got hot as it gets
With your black leather chrome spiked suspenders
And your chain and your whip and your pets

Well we know you're the reincarnation
Of the ravenous Catherine the Great
And we know how you love your ovations
To the Z-rated scenes you create.

You imagine me sipping champagne from your boot
For a taste of your elegant pride
I may be going to hell in a bucket, babe
But at least I'm enjoying the ride, at least I'll enjoy the ride.

You analyze me, tend to despise me, you laugh
When I stumble and fall
There may come a day when I'll dance on your grave
Unable to dance I'll still crawl across it
Unable to dance I'll still crawl
Unable to dance I'll crawl.

You must really consider the circus
It just might be your kind of zoo
I can't think of a place that's more perfect
For a person as perfect as you.

And it's not like I'm leaving you lonely
Cause I wouldn't know where to begin
Well I know you will think of me only
When the snakes come marching in.

You imagine me sipping champagne from your boot
For taste of your elegant pride
I may be going to hell in a bucket, babe
But at least I'm enjoying the ride, at least I'll enjoy the ride.
Ride, ride, ride
Ride, ride, ride
Ride, ride, ride
At least I'll enjoy the ride.
At least I'll enjoy the ride.
AT LEAST I'LL ENJOY THE RIDE.
I shot- I shot- I shot- I shot- I shot- the sheriff
Don't drink while I sing, keyed up in shelter
Don't drink while I sing

Chaos, no mass confusion, EpMD's in town
Total chaos, no mass confusion
Bronx'll hit the dot, EpMD's in town. Don't - EpMD's in town
Don't drink while I sing, keyed up in shelter
Don't sleep on it either, You see something might rupture
It don't take time for me to blow your mind
It take a second to wreck it because you're dumb and blind
So just lounge. 'Cause you're a MC clown
Or join the circus. EpMD's in town

Total chaos, no mass confusion
Rhymes so hypnotizing known to cause an illusion
Like a magician who draws a rabbit out a hat, son
I'm drawin' more, like a 44-Magnum
MC's please stop, look, and listen and try to imagine
It's travellin' the speed of light
But everything' motion it's frightening
Plus the thought of you alone
You now enter the dimension called the Twilight Zone
You're terrified, plus you can't bear the thought
You and I one-on-one in the land of the lost
You start to shiver, then you scream, my friend
You wake up, Muttley, because you're dreamin' again
Next time I'm on the scene, do not try to diss us
Keep your mouth suckered up, because I'm Strictly Business

I shot the sheriff...'ful because you might get shot...
I shot the sheriff...'ful because you might get shot...
I shot the sheriff...'ful because you might get shot...
I shot the sheriff...'ful because you might get shot...

'ful because you might get shot...
'ful because you might get shot...
'ful because you might get shot...
'ful because you might get shot...

I shot the sheriff...'ful because you might get shot...
I shot the sheriff...'ful because you might get shot...
[Bone]
Bone Bone Bone Bone.. Bone.. Bone.. Bone.. Bone.. Bone
Now tell me whatcha gonna do
when there ain't no where to run (tell me what)
(When judgment comes for you, when judgment comes for you)
And whatcha gonna do
when there ain't no where to hide (tell me what)
When judgment comes for you (Cause it's gonna come for you)

[Bizzy]
Head south let's all bring it in for Wally, Eazy sees uncle Charlie
Little Boo, but God's got him and I'm gonna miss everybody
I only rolled and blows my gauge looked at him while he lay
When playing with destiny, plays too deep for me to say
Lil' Layzie came to me, told me if he should decease well then please
Bury me by my grand-grand and when you can, come follow me

[Layzie]
God bless you working on a plan to Heaven
Follow the Lord all 24/7 days, GOD is who we praise
even though the devil's all up in my face
But he keeping me safe and in my place, say grace
For the case to race with a chance to face the judge
And I betcha my soul won't budge
Grudge because there's no mercy for thugs
Oh what can I do it's all about our family and how we roll
Can I get a witness let it unfold
We living our lives to eternal our soul aye-oh-aye-oh

[Krayzie]
Prayyyyyyy, and we pray and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
Everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday
and we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
Still we laced, now follow me roll stroll
Whether is tell of his Heaven
Come let's go take a visit of people that's long gone
Darris, Wally, Eazy, Terry, Boo
It's steadily creeping up on the family
Exactly how many days we got lasting
While you laughing we're passing, passing away
So y'all go rest y'all souls
Cause I know I'ma meet you up at the crossroads
Y'all know y'all forever got love from them Bone Thugs baby

[Wi$h]
Lil Eazy's long gone
Really wish he would come home
But when it's time to die
Gotta go bye bye
All a lil thug could do is cry, cry
Why they kill my dog and man
I miss my uncle Charles y'all
and he shoudn't be gone, in front of his home
What they did to Boo was wrong
Oh so wrong, oh so wrong
Gotta hold on gotta stay strong
When the day comes
Better believe Bone got a shoulder you can lean on (lean on)

Hey and we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday
and we pray, and we pray, and we pray, and we pray
everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday

[Chorus - Layzie and Krayzie]
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads
So you won't be lonely
See you at the crossroads, crossroads

[Bizzy]
And I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody when I'm gone
And I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody
And I'm gonna miss everybody

[Layzie]
Living in a hateful world sending me straight to Heaven
That's how we roll
Living in a hateful world sending me straight to Heaven
That's how we roll
Living in a hateful world sending me straight to Heaven
That's how we roll
And I'm asking the good LORD "Why?" and sigh
It's I he told me we live to die

[Krayzie]
What's up with murder y'all, see my little cousin was hung
Somebody was really wrong, everybody want to test us dawg
Then Miss Sleazy set up Eazy to fall, you know why we sinning
And Krayzie intended on ending it when it ends
Wanna come again, again and again
Now tell me whatcha gonna do

[Wi$h]
Can somebody anybody tell me why?
Hey, can somebody anybody tell me why we die, we die?
I don't wanna die

Ohhh so wrong
Ohhhhh wrong
Ohhh so wrong
Ohhhhh wrong

[Chorus - repeat gradually fading away]


[Thanks to micah231@aol.com, cakeater2@hotmail.com, rushshorty5@yahoo.com, Shortygirl4m8105@aol.com for correcting these lyrics]
Verse One: Puff Daddy

Now... what y'all wanna do?
Wanna be ballers? Shot-callers?
Brawlers -- who be dippin in the Benz wit the spoilers
On the low from the Jake in the Taurus
Tryin to get my hands on some Grants like Horace
Yeah livin the raw deal, three course meals
Spaghetti, fettucini, and veal
But still, everything's real in the field
And what you can't have now, leave in your will
But don't knock me for tryin to bury
seven zeros, over in Rio Dijanery
Ain't nobody's hero, but I wanna be heard
on your Hot 9-7 everyday, that's my word
Swimmin in women wit they own condominiums
Five plus Fives, who drive Millineums
It's all about the Benjamins, what?
I get a fifty pound bag of ooh for the mutts
Five carats on my hands wit the cuts
And swim in European figures
Fuck bein a broke nigga

Verse Two: Jadakiss (overlaps last two lines of Puff Daddy)

I want a all chromed out wit the clutch, nigga
Drinkin malt liquor, drivin a Bro' Vega
I'm wit Mo' sippers, watched by gold diggers (uhh)
Rockin Bejor denims, wit gold zippers (c'mon)
Lost your touch we kept ours, poppin Cristals
Freakin the three-quarter reptiles (ahahah)
Enormous cream, forrest green -- Benz jeep
for my team so while you sleep I'ma scheme (that's right)
We see through, that's why nobody never gon' believe you
You should do what we do, stack chips like *Hebrews*
Don't let the melody intrigue you (uh-uh)
Cause I leave you, I'm only here
for that green paper which lead you

Verse Three: Sheek

I'm strictly tryin to cop those, colossal sized Picasso's
And have papi flip coke outside Delgado's (whoo!)
Mienda, with cash flowin like Sosa
And the latin chick tranportin in the chocha
Stampedin over, pop Mo's, never sober
Lex and Range Rovers dealin weight by Minnesota (uhh)
Avoidin NARC's wit camcorders and Chevy Novas (uh-huh)
Stash in the buildin wit this chick named Alona (uh-huh)
from Daytona, when I was young I wants to bone her (uh-huh)
But now I only hit chicks that win beauty pageants (ahahaha)
Trickin, they takin me skiing, at the Aspens (c'mon)
Uhh, gangsta mental, stay poppin Cristal
Pack a black pist-al in the Ac' Coupe that's dark brown (whoo!)
Pinky-ringin, gondolas wit the man singin
Italian music down the river wit your chick clingin
to my bizzalls, player you mad false
Actin hard when you as pussy as RuPaul
&amp;quot;And now it's time bring out the headliner for the evening...&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;Very Special... Please welcome to the stage...&amp;quot;

(Goretex)
Escape from New York, but I be on some Brooklyn bullshit
I pull clips as fast as I dose chicks with ope tits
Call me Necor, set the coke surviving the sticks
Got my name all in your mouth like your liable to brick
Click me on the tube, chain swinging down to my shoes
Light up the room, african boom, spark it and zoom
Disciple of rock, the type to range rifles and cops
I'm spiteful, fake's get left shaking like Michael J. Fox

(Ill Bill)
Like the aids infected needle acupuncture
Gangster and hustler murderer and kidnap a suspect
Wrap her in ??, with Blood red to Crip blue
My shit's to colorful, running through with a hundred goons and maniacs
If a bitch like to suck dick, she a brainiac
Bust up in they mouth piece, see how they react, take it back
Like a instant replay, live in the PJ's, watching my Uncle freebase
Analyzing the angles on a fiend's face
I learn to love my trees lace, the way the PCP taste
The way it make me see things, old school dice spot bills and sheep skins
As I write, yes I'm rocking Iceberg jeans and Tims
Thinking where I'm going be in 2007
Either a house in the Hamptons or a house in Heaven
I be chillin on the beach in the South of Venice
Or merking the President live on Channel 7

[Chorus: DJ Premier scratches] - repeat 2X
&amp;quot;Coming through rocking&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;Wild like Rockstars who smash guitars&amp;quot; (Inspectah Deck)
&amp;quot;Non-Phixion&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;Unadulterated&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;Emcee's&amp;quot;

(Sabac Red)
I be Brooklyn till I die don't even question it twice
My crew's nice, late night at the corners we shooting dice
It's like, summertime in New York, jeans, shorts, tims, ??
Tanktops to roofies, groupies acting loosely
Who'll be, in a black drop, with his hat cocked, that can't block
Puff on the stove, get spit in snapshots
I'm trying to live, feed the kids, drive some whips, handle biz
Own a crib, do my shit, in the streets, that's how it is

(Ill Bill)
If I say Rockstar, I'm talking about rocking the mic
My shit's hot like the rock fiend dropping a pipe
These cats are idiots, with raps so pussy they catch period's
I'm serious, my life is like a drug experience
A porno movie with no plot and I'm the only guy in it
Like Vivid video's with Kobe Tai dime bitches
Ill Bill rap crusader, chilling in the black Navigator
Canarsie to Pennsylvania

&amp;quot;Wild...&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;Like...&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;Rock...Rockstars&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;Who...Who smash guitars&amp;quot;

Chorus 1x

(Goretex)
Break with me your out, bang you with shells and heaters out
Blast off the terrorist, blow bombs and speakers out
Hookers and bricks, gutter cats, bitches and pimps
Cripples and Gimps, ex-cons, pushers and tricks
Street poet, speak the essence, what's realer than this
Up in the club smoked out coke, the feeling of Cris
You lighting the wrist, Richard Simmons fro with a pick
Taking my record label hostage if they stompin my shit

(Sabac Red)
I remember them cold nights and long lines for clubs
Now it's strictly V.I.P., free drinks and drugs
Pounds and hugs, getting back rubs, be them Underground thugs
Stay street but got new found love, take a Continental, driver rental
Travel the globe, Non Phixion to the end worldwide we rock shows
Explode from out the projects, Glenwood to Drysneck
Hold your drink up, and make a toast to how the gods get

[Chorus] - 2x
[Lil Mo](Ja Rule){Vita}
Where would I be
Without you baby
So if you need me
If you want me to put it on you
Because I love ya- yeah
And don't you forget it
Whenever you need me
If you want me to put it on you, come on
Oh, oh, oh
(Uh, uh uh)
darling where would I be?
(Yeah, yeah Vita Ja Rule uh uh uh)
Whoa, whoa, oh
(Where would I be without you)
Baby, without you

[Ja Rule](Lil' Mo)
Where would I be without my baby (baby)
The thought alone might break me (ooh)
And I don't wanna go crazy
Cuz every thug needs a lady
(Yeah, yeah)

Girl it feel like you and I been mourning together
Inseparable, we chose pain over pleasure
For that you'll forever be a part of me
Mind body and soul ain't no I in we baby
(No, no)
When you cry who wipes yo tears (you)
When you scared, who's tellin you there's nothin to fear
(you, you, you, you)
Girl I'll always be there
When you need a shoulder to lean on
Never hesitate knowin' you can call on, your soul-mate
And vice versa, dats why I be the firsta
See Jacob and frost your wrist up
Now you owe me, I know you're tired of being lonely
So baby girl put it on me

Where would I be without you
(Where would I be without you)
I only think about you
(if what you're saying is true)
I know you're tired of being lonely
(I need someone to hold me)
So baby girl put it on me
(I will, I will, I will)
Where would I be without you
(Where'd I be without you)
I only think about you
(if what you're saying is true)
I know you're tired of being lonely
(I need you to hold me)
So baby girl put it on me
(Whoa, whoa)

[Vita](Lil' Mo)
Yo, and I appreciate the rocks
and gifts that you cop me baby (ooh)
And that house on the hill when you drop like 80 (yeah)
On a down payment thinking damn ain't life gravy
And ever since for my honey I been twice the lady
What would I do without the nights that you kept me warm
When this cold world had a girl caught in a storm
And I accept when you riff when you caught in the wrong
And respect when you flip, 'cause our love is strong
And when you hit the block, I watch for 10-4
And when my pops asleep you snuck in the backdoor
Baby boy we been down since junior high
So when life get as hot July it's the world against you and I
We ballin', tied together and ever
Heart from the heart, knew that it would last forever
When you told me, you would never leave me lonely (lonely)
So baby boy put it on me

[Ja Rule](Lil' Mo)
Where would I be without you
(Where would I be without you)
I only think about you
(if what you're sayin is true)
I know you're tired of being lonely
(I need someone to hold me)
So baby girl put it on me
(I will, I will, I will)
Where would I be without you
(Where would I be without you)
I only think about you
(if what you're sayin is true)
I know you're tired of being lonely
(I need you to hold me)
So baby girl put it on me
(Whoa, whoa)

[Ja Rule &amp; Lil Mo]
Since we met it's been you and I
A tear for a tear, baby eye for an eye
And you know that my heart gone cry
If you leave me lonely
Cuz you not just my love you my homie
Who's gonna console me, my love
I'm outta control hold me, my love
Cause I'm yours
And I don't wanna do nothin to hurt my baby girl (ooooohh)
If this was our world it would be all yours baby
the thought alone might break me
and i dont wanna go crazy
coz every thug needs a lady

[ja rule &amp; lil mo]
ah, forgive you baby cuz thoughs eyes aint lyin
wash away all the tears baby no more cryin (no more crying)
baby, and you complete me
and i would die if you aint with me
so baby girl put it on me(come on)

where would i be without you
(where would i be without you)
i only think about you
(if what your sayin is true)
i know your tierd of bein lonley
(i need you hold me)
so baby girl put it on me
(whao,whao)

Lil Mo
Where would I be if it weren't for you
Baby,
I'm so tired of being lonely
Where, where would i be,
if it weren't for you, you, you
cause im so tired of being lonely
ummmmm come on
i need you
i want you
i love you
Intro:

This is it (What?!)
Luchini pourin' from the sky
Lets get rich (What?!)
The cheeky vines
The sugar dimes
Cant quit (What?!)
Now pop the cork and steam the vega
And get lit (What?! What?! What?!)

Verse One:

Introducin' phantom of the dark
Walk through my heaven with levitation
From efficient
and these leathers showboatin with Rugars
Flash vines Belafonte vigga
Lets get for what it's worth
As we confiscate your figgas

Cassanova brown levitatin jiggy in da shiggy's
In la hotta Car 54 chasin diamond runners
Headin ice bound, where every chilla dime can get
Your Harlem buck strut freezin world hice Hollywood
Madame Butterfly let me in your house of pleasure
From the knuckle swat shadowboxin catchin black-eye blues

I play the deef (What?!)
Sensations at the Monte Barbie screamin (Cheeba!)
For fillin pleasures at my castles (Blow the smoke out!)
The boss of Vegas substitutes when the Dutch is gone
The Lo don't stop give me shouts
Its the season sauters
Souflers for swervin no corners
We magnets to moolah
Livin wit Charlie's Angels hornets
No smilin were slidin
That gets you caught up in the octa
Or deaded for movin
Its just like that as we proceed

Saturday night special better take it lightly Ja-Jiyah
A happy time quest to the coast of Key Largo wire-ah
The chain gang keep your ears out for our years
Sippin' fountain root house of bamboo paradise

Chorus: repeat 2X

This is it (What?!)
Luchini pourin' from the sky
Lets get rich (What?!)
The cheeky vines
The sugar dimes
Cant quit (What?!)
Now pop the cork and steam the vega
And get lit (What?!)
[1st time] This is it (What?!)
[2nd time] (What?! What?!)

Verse Two:

For these feral herds of seas of black cheese that I can't missa
Silky Days, satin nights taken flights down
We sensation spanish flyin with the lady Scarface
Bottoms up sunshine.. Love Potion Number 9

And we headin from the magic city chessin this sweet
On your orifachiny in London
Relaxation in Bora Bora
Got notion to bring it... sing it
Love up in my function
Stonin... robbin
We hiestin merchandise and gunnin
Love it... leave it
But bless the war chief or his bison
Get it... got it
The Lo will forever be nicin

Yeah; the Sonny Cheeba he be sippin Armaretta
The Geechie Gracious he be sippin Armaretta
We float the tri-state drink in this satin vines
This Coolie High jack pack from the sugar shack
Then what we do after we sip the Armaretta
We start the Harlem River quiver
Dig it sweet daddy
Sharpen the crimson blade
High sierra seranade
Anatomy for seduction be this here
Jealousy...

Enter the place with grace
Jersey Armaretta the burstin of clouds
It pours.. everything seems better
Or flats with love we move
Only in the mist
Its Lo its life
And we can't get enough of this

Chorus: repeat 2X

This is it (What?!)
Luchini pourin' from the sky
Lets get rich (What?!)
The cheeky vines; the sugar dimes
Cant quit (What?!)
Now pop the cork and steam the vega
And get lit (What?!)
[1st time] This is it (What?!)
[2nd time] This is it (What?!) (x2)

Outro:

Yeah
The Sonny Cheeba he be sippin Armaretta
The Geechy Gracious he be sippin Armaretta
The Joe King he be sippin Armaretta
The Chaquita Kid he be sippin Armaretta
We got high stakes for mine Kiwa Armaretta
And then my man Ill Will sip Armaretta
And then my man Cab in the tray sippin that
We slide through the Tri-State with the hi-hat
And then I float side-to-side in my Coolie High
And then I peep the sunset with this Spanish Fly
Yeah
And then I float down south with the Boogie Flats
And then I slide up in-between a ziggy
And all of that gibs
[Vinnie Paz]
Yeah, I built with Alexander the Great
He told the Persians they should stay gone
Then he told me about the Oracle of Amon
He gave me no clue where it is
Men feared time, yet time feared the pyramids
He gave me more jewels, he told me that
Amenhotep was immortal, I can't overstand hieroglyph
So I called Killah Priest, and he taught me how to follow it
I walked through the Valley of the Kings
With a white robe, white rose and what I will brings
And your whole team Judas, my road thin, gold skin like Zeus's
I speak the dialog of the dead, I practiced the same more tactics
In King Arthur's head, so let the swordsmen kill the beast
It's a Legacy of Blood, with Vinnie Paz and Killah Priest

[Chorus: Stoupe cuts up samples]
"The Sun Won't Come Out, unless the crowd start this
Cause if it was my choice, you all dance in darkness" - CL Smooth "Sun Won't Come Out"
"Elements burst and gave birth to the first
Get the pen from the nurse and hook the mic up first" -- Eric B. and Rakim, "Heat it Up"
"The rhymes, the rhymes, rhymes on the altar
Burn them as a sacrifice"

[Killah Priest]
I paint flows with the feathers from the wings of angels
Red ink from saint blood, nigga, you ain't thug
Stare into the face of a king's mug
Crush grape, feel the wine jug, ill thoughts
Build from the mind of rhyme, rolls off the tongue like fine rugs
Let me walk you through this, for the clueless
I'm Shakespeare'ing, with grey earrings
Speak like Tiberius, write novels
Spit it like Aristotle, face half Pharoah
And half owl, I took the path of Cairo
Came back with the Dead Sea Gospel
Now known as the Dead Street Apostle
We shoot 'em feds, use them hollows
Bullets spread, til they meet Diablo
Stars in alignment, Priest meet with Jedi Mind Tricks
Reach them climates, where you can't breathe
Stay high off that dead weed, in the mind is where I plant seeds
To grow fruit, of kings so brute, of army troops
Mighty men in celestial suits
You need healing, my mic give you incredible boost
Where I use satellite vision, stare at my alphabetical soup
Plus I use the Big Dipper to take, more than one scoop, it's Priesthood

[Chorus: Stouple cuts up samples]
"Straight up, we serve justice
So if they can't be trusted, may you return where the dust is" -
Smif-N-Wessun
"Put your rhymes on the altar
Burn them as a sacrifice"
"Elements burst and gave birth to the first
Get the pen from the nurse and hook the mic up first" -- Eric B. and Rakim, "Heat it Up"
"The rhymes, the rhymes, rhymes on the voter
Burn him as a sacrifice"

[Vinnie Paz]
I studied element 1-15, with the Elohim
Saw the Canaanites, Sumerians, and the Philistines
This is street gospel, if you don't believe
In life at Mars, that mean the beast got you
You don't wanna see me and Killah Priest hostile
You don't wanna see, desert eag' heat pop you
This is Mothman Prophecy, walk back
To the sand of Iraq, and let the prophet breath
We turned all our water into toxic seas
And walk in the wall with armor that I copped in Greece
Then I shot the beast with a long arrow
Studied Imhotep to be a strong Pharoah
It's a war when the Gods spit
It's Allah, when I split the icebergs, in the Arctic
I don't care what the cause is
And I'mma ride for my fam, no matter what the cost is

[Outro: Vinnie Paz *Stoupe cuts samples to end*]
Yeah, Vinnie Paz, Killah Priest, yea
Priesthood, Maccabeez, yeah, Army of Pharoah
Aight? Yeah
I'm a squeeky old freeky old geechy ass nigga collar green neck bone eatin ass nigga always wearin my jeans baggy, saggy no florida jordans side kayki likey rolled up east bound beside look shigga waty man aint they sandwiched shatter room with bout four more brothers one home phone and want no more covers im a bad motha f**ka always ruined and always in trouble and other teachers aint like this make you so bad poor hands is more like me you born the way i did u gotsta understand trick love the kids, trick love the kids.
[Jay-Z]
R.O.C., we runnin this rap shit
Memphis Bleek, we runnin this rap shit
B. Mac, we runnin this rap shit
Freeway, we run this rap shit
O &amp;amp; Sparks, we runnin this rap shit
Chris &amp;amp; Neef, we runnin this rap shit

The takeover, the break's over nigga
God MC, me, Jay-Hova
Hey lil' soldier you ain't ready for war
R.O.C. too strong for y'all
It's like bringin a knife to a gunfight, pen to a test
Your chest in the line of fire witcha thin-ass vest
You bringin them Boyz II Men, HOW them boys gon' win?
This is grown man BIA, get you rolled into triage
Beatch - your reach ain't long enough, dunny
Your peeps ain't strong enough, fucka
Roc-A-Fella is the army, better yet the navy
Niggaz'll kidnap your babies, spit at your lady
We bring - knife to fistfight, kill your drama
Uh, we kill you motherfuckin ants with a sledgehammer
Don't let me do it to you dunny cause I overdo it
So you won't confuse it with just rap music

R.O.C., we runnin this rap shit
M-Easy, we runnin this rap shit
The Broad Street Bully, we runnin this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic when it happens that's it
Freeway, we runnin this rap shit
O &amp;amp; Sparks, we runnin this rap shit
Chris &amp;amp; Neef, we runnin this rap shit
{*&amp;quot;Watch out!! We run New York&amp;quot; -&amp;gt; KRS-One*}

I don't care if you Mobb Deep, I hold triggers to crews
You little FUCK, I've got money stacks bigger than you
When I was pushin weight, back in eighty-eight
you was a ballerina I got your pictures I seen ya
Then you dropped &amp;quot;Shook Ones,&amp;quot; switch your demeanor
Well - we don't believe you, you need more people
Roc-A-Fella, students of the game, we passed the classes
Nobody can read you dudes like we do
Don't let 'em gas you like Jigga is ass and won't clap you
Trust me on this one - I'll detach you
Mind from spirit, body from soul
They'll have to hold a mass, put your body in a hole
No, you're not on my level get your brakes tweaked
I sold what ya whole album sold in my first week
You guys don't want it with Hov'
Ask Nas, he don't want it with Hov', nooooo!

R.O.C., we runnin this rap shit
B. Sigel, we runnin this rap shit
M-Easy, we runnin this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic when it happens that's it
O &amp;amp; Sparks, we runnin this rap shit
Freeway, we run this rap shit
Chris &amp;amp; Neef, we runnin this rap shit
{*&amp;quot;Watch out!! We run New York&amp;quot; -&amp;gt; KRS-One*}

I know you missin all the - FAAAAAAAME!
But along with celebrity comes bout seventy shots to your frame
Nigga; you a - LAAAAAAAME!
Youse the fag model for Karl Kani/Esco ads
Went from, Nasty Nas to Esco's trash
Had a spark when you started but now you're just garbage
Fell from top ten to not mentioned at all
to your bodyguard's &amp;quot;Oochie Wally&amp;quot; verse better than yours
Matter fact you had the worst flow on the whole fuckin song
but I know - the sun don't shine, then son don't shine
That's why your - LAAAAAAAME! - career come to a end
There's only so long fake thugs can pretend
Nigga; you ain't live it you witnessed it from your folks pad
You scribbled in your notepad and created your life
I showed you your first tec on tour with Large Professor
(Me, that's who!) Then I heard your album bout your tec on the dresser
So yeah I sampled your voice, you was usin it wrong
You made it a hot line, I made it a hot song
And you ain't get a coin nigga you was gettin fucked and
I know who I paid God, Serchlite Publishing
Use your - BRAAAAAAAIN! You said you been in this ten
I've been in it five - smarten up Nas
Four albums in ten years nigga? I can divide
That's one every let's say two, two of them shits was due
One was - NAHHH, the other was &amp;quot;Illmatic&amp;quot;
That's a one hot album every ten year average
And that's so - LAAAAAAAME! Nigga switch up your flow
Your shit is garbage, but you try and kick knowledge?
(Get the fuck outta here) You niggaz gon' learn to respect the king
Don't be the next contestant on that Summer Jam screen
Because you know who (who) did you know what (what)
with you know who (yeah) but just keep that between me and you for now

R.O.C., we runnin this rap shit
M-Easy, we runnin this rap shit
The Broad Street Bully, we runnin this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic when it happens that's it
Freeway, we run this rap shit
O &amp;amp; Sparks, we runnin this rap shit
Chris &amp;amp; Neef, we runnin this rap shit
{*&amp;quot;Watch out!! We run New York&amp;quot; -&amp;gt; KRS-One*}

A wise man told me don't argue with fools
Cause people from a distance can't tell who is who
So stop with that childish shit, nigga I'm grown
Please leave it alone - don't throw rocks at the throne
Do not bark up that tree, that tree will fall on you
I don't know why your advisors ain't forewarn you
Please, not Jay, he's, not for play
I don't slack a minute, all that thug rappin and gimmicks
I will end it, all that yappin be finished
You are not deep, you made your bed now sleep
Don't make me expose you to them folks that don't know you
Nigga I know you well, all the stolen jew-els
Twinkletoes you breakin my heart
You can't fuck with me - go play somewhere, I'm busy
And all you other cats throwin shots at Jigga
You only get half a bar - fuck y'all niggaz
[50 Cent]
Ya, let's take em back
Uh huh

Comin up I was confused my momma kissin a girl
Confusion occurs comin up in the cold world
Daddy ain't around probably out commitin felonies
My favorite rapper used to sing ch-check out my melody
I wanna live good, so shit I sell dope for a fo-finger ring
One of them gold ropes
NaNa told me if I pass could get a sheep skin coat
If I can move a few packs and get the hat, now that'd be dope
Tossed and turned in my sleep that night
Woke up the next morning niggas done stole my bike
Different day same shit, ain't nothing good in the hood
I'd run away from this bitch and never come back if I could

[Chorus (50 then Game):]
Hate it or love it the underdog's on top
And I'm gonna shine homie until my heart stop

Go head' envy me
I'm raps MVP
And I ain't goin nowhere so you can get to know me

Hate it or love it the underdog's on top
And I'm gonna shine homie until my heart stop

Go head' envy me
I'm raps MVP
And I ain't goin nowhere so you can get to know me

[Game]
On the grill of my lowrider
Guns on both sides right above the gold wires
I'll fo-five em
Kill a nigga on my song but really do it
Thats the true meaning of a ~ghostwriter~
10 g'z will take ya daughter out of Air Forces
Believe you me homie i know all bout losses
I'm from Compton where the wrong colors be cautious
One phone call will have ya body dumped in Marcy
I stay strapped like car seats
Been bangin since my lil nigga Rob got killed for his Barkley's
That's 10 years I told Pooh in 95' I'd kill you if you try me for my Air Max 95s
Told Banks when i met him imma ride
And if I gotta die rather homicide
I ain't have 50 Cent when my Grandmomma died
Now i'm goin back to Cali with my Jacob on
See how time fly?

[Chorus - 50 Cent]

From the beginnin to the end
Losers lose, winners win
This is real we ain't got to pretend
The cold world that we in
Is full of pressure and pain
Enough of me nigga now listen to Game

[Game]
Used to see 5-0 throw the crack by the bench
Now i'm fuckin with ~5-0~ it's all startin to make ~sense~
My moms happy she ain't gotta pay the rent
And she got a red bow on that brand new Benz
Waitin on Sha Money to land sittin in the Range
Thinkin how they spend 30 million dollars on airplanes
When there's kids starvin
Pac is gone and Brendas still throwin babies in the garbage
I wanna know what's goin on like i hear Marvin
No school books they use that wood to build coffins
Whenever I'm in the booth and i get exhausted
I think what if Marie Banker got that abortion
I love ya Ma'

[Chorus X2]
Krayzie:
We thuggish ruggish niggas always, always, and ready to bring the war if you hate, if you hate.
Look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me.
Would you look into my eyes?
Look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me.
Could you tell me what you see?

Bizzy:
Comin' through the door with my militia, why do they bring big niggas? Fuck y'all, with a gang of bodyguards, my niggas is stone cold killas, peelas, dippin' out the limos and bitch, y'all just maintain, givin' my babies all of my money, but my diamonds steady be shinin'. My gang, you know me. Homies got mo' love, and the Biz follow all of my senses, pump my fist to Mo Thug, gotta keep the Lord up over my shoulders, Jesus sent me his roll and (?) soul but load a revolver, hold up, now, buck 'em all to Hell, 'cause I'm showin' 'em. And I seen that the bulletholes was too much, no luck, ya get blowed up, all of you niggas goes out. The surgeons say that your body can not be sewed up. Hold up, and wait a minute. It's time for Bone Thugs, 'cause y'all think that you can really hate, nigga.

Krayzie:
Look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me.
Would you look into my eyes?
Look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me.
Could you tell me what you see?

Krayzie:
What makes a nigga think he can bite my shit and call his shit original? What's worse, tellin' people you made the style we put down three fuckin' years ago. And that's just like a nigga wanna take all the credit. I bet it didn't even occur that we would eventually meet with ya, and don't crash, collide, lock up with the enemy. And I don't wanna say a nigga's name and all that, but a y'all fin to get stomped. Let 'em loose. And they heard the news, ya run up, ya could get dead, oh. Uh-huh, hey, we murder muthafuckas in a deadly way--fully automatic when we let 'em lay. &amp;amp;quot;Aw shit! Get down, Leatherface.&amp;amp;quot; Fuck 'em all, if I can't get my respect. Come on, now, put them to rest. What a bloody, bloody mess, but nevertheless, we won't stress. I figured this platinum got you actin' like you got to be me. It's all in your mind, but in time, you'll find we as real as we speak [speak, speak].

Look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me.
Would you look into my eyes?
Look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me.
Could you tell me what you see?

Layzie:
All I see is this soldier, pistol in holster, givin' you the most. I toast to them thugs. Nigga, nothin' but the love of bud that we brought to the table. And a nigga wanna test, catch slugs, put 'em in the mud. Harmony smooth with the thug shit, mo murda to the fools that clone, five niggas loc'd out with the roughness, nigga, and it's war when you craft these Bones. We can get it on, and I'm referrin' to all of y'all bitches. Y'all know who y'all are when y'all tried that. Rollin' with the E since ninety-three, shuttin' shit down in the industry, nigga, can you bite that? I know y'all niggas wanna roll with pros, and make friend of foes, but we chosen. God done blessed us with His potion, pure devotion, freely spoken, baby. Niggas can't see us never, stay together, my click too clever, ridin' through the days of the stormy weather, remember: eternal, it means forever lastin'. #1 Assassin blastin'. Bashin' on all you niggas's what I'm doin'. All of the heavens gonna be rulin' trues, when He come
. We won't be losin', provin' 'em wrong.

Look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me.
Would you look into my eyes?
Look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me.
Could you tell me what you see?

Wish:
I see five killa realer niggas ready to roll wherever I go, true to pull the trigger, smother a nigga, put 'em in a river, we the killas, and that's for sure. Niggas out there clownin' mine, you can't rhyme, the style you got is all mine, and when I see you, bitch, I'm goin' in your pockets double-time, and it's like that, you don't want that. Come and get some pap, pap. Wanna sound like-- Wanna be like-- Nigga, we can't have that. Why a nigga wanna bite the Bone shit? Platinum raps. Nigga bet that bitin' shit ain't doin' nothin', tryin' to make somethin' outta nothin'. Fuck it, let's peel caps, buck 'em all down. Put 'em in check, fuck 'em up with the 44 mag, I'm glad, 'cause when you're fuckin' with Bone, we sendin' 'em home in a bodybag. Now, look into my eyes, bet you see a realer killa thug puttin' it down with harmony, harmony.

Look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me.
Would you look into my eyes?
Look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me.
Could you tell me what you see?
(feat. Ghostface Killah)

Intro: Raekwon (plus sample of Tony Montana having an argument)

&amp;quot;I told you a long time ago you fuckin little monkey
not to FUCK ME.&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;Hey hey, who the FUCK you think you goin for huh??!&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;Who the fuck you think I am your fuckin dough-boy?&amp;quot;
&amp;quot;You wanna go to war?.... Wanna go to war, OK?&amp;quot;

Comin up on half a mil, we build
Get real God, taking you on another one Son
Uhh, Julio Igleasias
Makin CREAM like that nigga

[Verse One: Ghostface Killah]
Yo, first of all son, peep the arson
Many brothers I be sparkin and bustin mad light inside the dark
Call me dough snatcher, just the brother for the rapture
I handglide, holdin on strong, hard to capture
Extravagant, RZA bake the track and it's militant
Then I react, like a convict, and start killin shit
It's manifested, the Gods work like appliances
Dealin in my cypher I revolve around sciences
The 9th chamber, leave you trapped inside my hallway
You try to flee but you got smoked up by the doorway (blaow! blaow! blaow!)
No question, I send your ass back, right to the essence
Your whole frame is smothered in dirt, now how you restin
While I'll be trapped by sounds, locked behind loops
Throwin niggaz off airplanes cause +Cash Rules
Everything Around Me+ black, as you can see
Swallow this murder one verse like God Degree
Then analyze my soundtrack for satisfaction
You adapt like a flashback chain reaction

[Verse Two: Raekwon the Chef]
Just a minute son...
AK's black bust back like seventy Macs
I'm all that, street niggaz knowin my steez black
Ron G, you know he coincide with me see
Marvelous, Menace fo' Society
But anyway, let's toast, champagne thoughts with Ghost
I max the most shotguns through the nose
Phonograph hip-hop put me on top
'Lo wears, and Tommy Hil fly shit with a knot
The witty unpredictable live shit, drive by shit
Do or die shit, I'll take your lie and shit
And then you know, I'm runnin through the penal, foul
Four-toothed child was wild
The old lady snitched, but fuck it, you know it, one love kid
No I'm not doin a bid
Too much to get for what cause six niggaz got
stuck, and the nigga chain was truck
Yo fuck that, Criminology rap
Speakers stay jet black floatin in the flyest Ac'
Nigga... bring it! Yeah..

[Outro: Raekwon]
Much love go to New York City
All my Tommy Hil' ice rockin niggaz
Make love like a man
I'm a man
That's what I am, uh!

C'mon
All you girls 'round the world
Lookin' for a guy who's a real go getter
Every guy grab a girl
Love her like a man, make her feel a lot better

Everybody
You want it - I'm the one
I got it - I'm Mr. Fun
You need it - I'm Captain Cool, yeah
Come get it - And I've come for you C'mon

Don't call me Gigolo
Don't call me Cassanova
Just call me on the phone
And baby come on over
When you need someone
When you need someone to...

Make love like a man
I'm a man
That's what I am, yeah
Make love like a man
Your kinda man
That's what I am

Every day, every night
Take her little heart 'til it beats like a hammer
Do it good, do it right
Crazy little girl gonna stutter 'n' stammer

[Repeat Bridge]
[Repeat Chorus]

Gimme some rock 'n' roll
Little bit of rock 'n' roll
It's gotta be rock 'n' roll
Little bit of rock 'n' roll

Little bit of love goes a long, long way
Gotta get it on if you really wanna get her
Never ever wait it's a little to late
Love her like a man, make her feel a lot better

You want it- Yeah baby
I got it - Why not
You need it - Oh-oh
Come get it - Oh come on

[Repeat Bridge]
[Repeat Chorus]

Make love like a man
I'm a man, that's what I am baby
Make love like a man
I'm a man, that's what I am
Hey, get it while you can
I wanna be your man
Baby understand
I'm a mmmmmmmmmman!!
Make love like a man
Oh, you love her like a man
She's gonna feel a lot better
And that's a fact!
[Verse 1]
Look... it's six oclock I'm hopping outta the bed
Rain fallin callin X but my phone lines dead
I guess my bills aint paid
no ride to work for the day
second option:
hop the bus but theres a traffic delay
my boss is trippin cause I'm running late and aint no excuse
when I'm bout to be 22 without a whip I could swoop
feel like I'm finna shoot my own dome with chrome to escape
zonin out cause workin workin out aint worth what I make
my lady callin always fussin just because we aint ballin
but it's hard cause her cousins fuckin rich, cause her husband's huslin
and I aint fuckin touchin nothin but a mic
5 oclock and off work ready to go home and write
but I aint got a buck to catch the bus chillin at the stop
rain fallin hard as ever and it's soakin my socks
fuck it
kick my kicks of and took of my jacket
roll my jeans up beat up and my headphones blastin
blazed some weed up and started laughing
while I'm splashin in puddles like
muthafuck a struggle we dancin in the rain

[Chorus]
Dont nobody wanna dance slow in the rain
Just move yo ass. . . jus move yo ass
Dont nobody wanna liberate the weight of the pain
Just move yo ass. . . jus move yo ass

[Verse 2]
Somtimes I hate takin trips to the lab
Got my pen and pad bookin instrumentals in smash
Catch the bus regardless
Trying hard to be an artist
but my A&amp;amp;R be callin me out my zone into his office
being cautious cause hell when my records will break
askin me how he think my project progressin and shit
I said cool, but the truth is that I'm stressin a grip
cause it's hard to make music when this depression exists
they say use it as inspiration &amp;amp; the best of 'em did
but I still see that I cant handle this pressure for shiit
and if you ask me stress is a bitich
my girl needs more pretention and record labels desperate for hits
now I'm pissed cause I'm gettin out the zone again
makes me start to dread when I see a microphone and sh8t
and 'sposed to be like that
I said ill be right back
I left the office got a phone and called my partner Jack
and I asked him &amp;quot;remind me why'm rappin&amp;quot;
and right before he answered I remembered my passion in the past
when I was scribblin in my tablet
to box out my mom and dad scrappin
to help me when my granmother passed
plus the many times I was homeless
and the times when I was broke
and the music made a way when I was hopless
he told me to remember the rain it'll deminish the pain
and he told me not to ask him again cause I know

*Chorus x2*

Dont nobody wanna liberate the weight of the pain
Just move yo ass. . . jus move yo ass
Dont nobody wanna X3
Dance -- slow -- in -- the -- rain

*Chrous One More Time*
I ain't no joke, I use to let the mic smoke
Now I slam it when I'm done and make sure it's broke
When i'm gone no one gets on cuz I won't let
Nobody press up and mess up the seen I set
I like to stand in a crowd and watch the people wonder damn
But think about it then you'll understand
I'm just an addict addicted to music
Maybe it's a habit, I gotta use it
Even if it's jazz or the quiet storm
I hook a beat up convert it into hip-hop form
Write a rhyme in graffitti in every show you see me in
Deep concentration, cuz I'm no comedian
Jokers are wild if you wanna be tamed
I treat you like a child then you're gonna be named
Another enemy, not even a friend of me
Cuz you'll get fried in the end when you pretend to be
Competin' cuz I just put your mind on pause
and I complete when - you compare my rhyme wit yours
I wake you up and as I stare in your face you seem stunned
Remember me, the one you got your idea from
But soon you start to suffer, the tune'll get rougher
When you start to stutter that's when you had enuff of
Biting, it'll make you choke, you can't provoke
You can't cope, you should've broke because I ain't no joke

I got a question, as serious as cancer
Who can keep the average dancer
Hyper as a heart attack nobody smiling
Cuz you're expressing the rhyme that I'm styling
This is what we all sit down to write
You can't make it so you take it home, break it and bite
Use pieces and bits of all the hip-hop hits
Get the style down pat then it's time to switch
Put my tape on pause and add some more to yours
Then you fake it you're ready for the neighborhood chores
The E-M-C-E-E don't even try to be
When you come up to speak, don't even lie to me
You like to exaggerate, dream and imaginate
Then change the rhyme around, that can aggravate me
So when you see me come up, freeze
Or you'll be one of those 7 MC's
They think that I'm a new jack but only if they knew that
They who think wrong are they who can't do that
Style that I'm doing, they might ruin
Patterns and paragraphs based on you and
Your offbeat DJ, if anything he play
Sound familiar, I'll wait til E say
Play 'em, so I'ma have to diss and bro
You could get a smack for this, I ain't no joke

I hold the microphone like a grudge
B'll hold the record so the needle don't budge
I hold a conversation cuz when I invent
I nominated my DJ to president
When I'm see I'll, keep a freestyle, going steadily
So pucker up and whistle my melody
But whatever you do, don't miss one
They'll be another rough rhyme after this one
Before you know it, you're following and fiending
Waiting for the punchline to get the meaning
Like before the middle of my story I'm telling
Nobody beats the R so stop yelling
Save it, put it in your pocket for later
Cuz I'm moving the crowd and B'll wreck the fader
No interruptions til the mic is broke
When I'm gone, then you can joke
Cuz everything is real on a serious tip
Keep playing and I varies quick
And take you for a walk through hell
Freeze your dome then watch your eyeballs swell
Guide you out of triple stage darkness
When it get dark again then I'ma spark this
Microphone cuz the heat is on, you see smoke
then I finish when the beat is gone, I'm no joke
cameras flashing, Snoop interviewing Bill Clinton]
Yo, hold on hold on hold on hold on
Stop the cameras, stop the press stop the press
Now Bill, this yo' nigga, Snoop Dogg
Now answer me this - did you fuck that bitch or what?

[Bill Clinton]
That's actually, not the first time that question's been asked; but
since, I believe, and I think any person - reasonable person would
believe, that that is not covered, in the definition of sexual
relations I was given - ahh - I'm not going to answer it except to
refer to my statement. I had intimate, contact with her that was
inappropriate - I do not believe any of the contacts I had with
her violated the definition I was given; therefore I believe I
did not, do anything but testify truthfully on these matters.

[Chorus One: KoKane]
What's the use of the truth if you can't tell a lie sometimes?
What's the use of the truth if you can't tell a lie..hie..
What's the use of the truth if you can't tell a lie sometimes?
What's the use of the truth if you can't tell a lie..hie..

[Chorus Two: Snoop Dogg]
Lies, lies, stories and alibis
Big Mac in the land of the small fries
Everyone lies and tries to get by
Some of us drink while most just get high

[Snoop Dogg]
You tryin to cover up the holes in your sneakers
You need to put your motherfuckin face to the speakers (ba-bom, ba-bom)
And quit tryin to run from it (holla holla at me)
and c'mere, you big dummy (dumb ass nigga)
Don't you know you can't run from the Dizzogg
I'm down with (?)za, the long arm of the lizzaw
Y'all, niggaz know what's happening you turn your back again
and I'm bound to get it crack-a-lin I'm back again
And everybody happy for me - ain't that the truth?
That's a motherfuckin lie (fuck that fool)
Black folks stick together til we die, hmm
That'll be the day..

[Chorus One]

[Snoop Dogg]
Liar, liar, pants on fire
Smoke so much dope they call me Snoopy Pryor (well God damn!)
Which way is up I'm tryin to get higher
I won't stop puffin til I re-tire
My bitches, my niggaz, they off the wire
They love-ly, they love me, call me Sire
Movie star bitches the ones you desire
Angela Bassett, Tyra, Mariah, the flyest, the flyer
See most bitches like fuckin with a rider
Slider, to the sider, invite her
to a gangsta, party, provider [laughing]
with a lot of meat by-products (mm)
And beat the puddy-pot and got up
She licked the dick from the top to the bottom
(woo woo woo woo) (That's a bad bitch!)
Then she grabbed me by my nuts, and said &amp;quot;Hmm I got 'em!&amp;quot;

[Chorus One]
[Chorus Two]

[KoKane scats and ad libs to the music]

[KoKane]
Ah what's the use of the truth
if you can't tell a lie sometimes?
[MF Doom]
The rest is empty with no brain but the clever nerd
The best emcee with no chain ya ever heard
Take it from the Tec-9 holder
They bit and don't know they neckshine from shinola
Everything that glitter ain't fischscale
Lemme think, don't let her faint get Ishmael
A shot of Jack got her back it's not an act stack
Forgot about the cackalack, holla back, clack clack blocka
Villainy, feel him in ya heart chakra chart toppa
Start-shit stoppa, be a smart shoppa
Shot a cop day around the way 'bout to stay
But who'd a know there's 2 mo' that wonder where the shooter go
'Bout to jet, get him, not a bet, dead 'em
Let 'em spit venom said 'em got a lot of shit with 'em
Let the rhythm hit 'em, it's stronger in the other voice
We make the joints that make 'em spread 'em butta moist
Man, please. The stage is made of panties
From the age of baby hoochies on to the grannies
Ban me the dough rake, daddy
The flow make her fatty shake, patty cake, patty cake
For fake, if he was Anita Baker's man
He'd take her for her Masters, hit it once an' shake her hand
On some ol' "thank ya, ma'am" an' ghost her
She could mind the toaster if she sign the poster
A whole host of roller coaster riders
Not enough tracks (is it?)
Hot enough black (for ya)
It's too hot to handle, you got blue sandals
Who shot ya? Ooh got you new spots to vandal?
DO not stand still, both show skills
Close but no crills, toast for po' ills, post no bills
Coast to coast Joe Shmoe's flows ill, go chill
Not supposed to overdose, no Doz pills
Off pride tikes now talk wide though scar meat
Off sides like how Worf rides with Starfleet
Told ya, on some get-rich shit
As he get older he gets colder than a witch tit
This is it, make no mistakes
Where my nigga go?
Figaro, Figaro

O's beats and my rhymes attack
A scary act
All black like Ms. Mary Mack
Wait 'til you see 'em live on the piano
DOOM sings soprano like uno dos y'ano
My momma told me
Blast him and pass her her glass of Ol' E
Not to be troublesome
But I could sure use a quick shot of double rum
No stick of bubble gum
I like ice cream
We could skip the wedding
Have a nice dream
She only let him stick the head in
Hey, Jen, I know what you're thinking.
That now's as good as any to start drinking.
(Hey, Scottie!)
Yeah?
(What's it gonna be?)
One gin and tonic sounds mighty, mighty good to me.
Man, I know, I've gotta go.
It's the same thing everytime.
But I don't think another drink's gonna
Make me lose my mind.
So I'll think about tomorrow next drink.
And it's you &amp;amp; me &amp;amp; the bottle makes 3 tonight.

Well, I know this cat named Mo.
And he wanders to and fro.
He's in my old favorite watering hole.

I says, "Hey, Mo, how you doing?
Where have you been?"
He says, "I've been following my
Whiskey, wine and gin."
Oh man, I know, I gotta go.
It's the same thing every time.
But I don't think another drink's gonna
Make me lose my mind.
So I'll think about tomorrow next drink.
And it's you &amp;amp; me &amp;amp; then bottle makes 3 tonight.
C'mon, daddy, let's give 'em the drink!
Alright, kid, let's swing it now, baby, c'mon!

Hey, Jen, I know what you're thinking.
That now's as good as any to start drinking.
(Hey, Scottie!)
Yeah?
(What's it gonna be?)
One gin and tonic sounds mighty, mighty good to me.
Oh man, I know, I've gotta go.
It's the same thing every time.
But I don't think another drink's gonna
Make me lose my mind.
So I'll think about tomorrow next drink.
And it's you &amp;amp; me &amp;amp; the bottle makes 3 tonight.
And it's you &amp;amp; me &amp;amp; the bottle makes 3 tonight.
And it's you &amp;amp; me &amp;amp; the bottle makes 3 tonight.
Hey, bartender! I think I need another drink!
Whaddya mean, it's last call?
I just got here!
[Busta Rhymes]
Yeah.. back by popular demand, it's about to get Godly
Yeah.. hold it now! AOWWW!
C'mon, c'mon (c'mon).. yeah
Huh.. c'mon, c'mon (c'mon).. yeah
Huh!

Bear witness on the way we stay cuttin 'em down
In two-thousand-two, shuttin 'em down
Have you sippin on it 'til you start suckin it down
I hope you know that we ain't FUCKIN around
Niggaz you betta BELIEVE when you see me the shit be double trouble
I overLOAD and take this SHIT to another level
I shut it down, sho' nuff, pack ya bags
Let me work, make it hurt, cause I'm next wreck
Lay flat nigga hit the deck, or face big DISrespect
In addition the SHIT we wreck
Firework flow, spit and make a BIG effect
Bang it in the truck until ya whole SHIT eject, c'mon
Stop nigga, close ya shop
SCUD missile launched fire burn quick, every SHIT we drop
From the GROUND with another sound yes we put it down
and always BOOM and pound, so we shut 'em down

[Chorus: Busta Rhymes + (Pete Rock)]
I shut 'em down (shut 'em down, shut shut shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (sh-sh, sh-sh, shut shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (shut 'em down, shut shut shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (shut 'em, sh-shut, shut shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (shut 'em down, shut-sh-shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (sh-sh, sh-sh, shut shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (shut 'em down, shut shut shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (shut 'em down, shut shut 'em down)

[Busta Rhymes]
Hah!
One two three four five six seven eight nine
Comin THROUGH, betta tuck in ya shine
Once ya lookin for the HEAT, if ya seek it will find
I had these devils watchin me sayin these sneakers is mine!
Now hold up - we drop the bomb first then get under ya mom's skirt
to get her frenzied like a motherfuckin rock concert
While you're busy and tryin to FIGURE what the God's worth
I'll malfunction your plans 'til the motherfuckin sound work
Now I'ma CUSS when I BUST ya ass
And leave 'em stiff when I hit 'em like a MUSTARD gas
Steam fire when I puff, then I flick the ash
You wack and I had enough, put your shit in the trash
Now you know we got the shit in the smash
Wild until you slip and you crash, y'know we keep the SHIT in the stash
From the GROUND when we come around, yes we put it down
and always BOOM AND POUND, when we shut 'em down

[Chorus - w/ minor variations]

[Intro to &amp;amp;quot;Genesis&amp;amp;quot;]
As we rockin you all to the future
Ahhh, we come to give you that
Operatin like we be official
Yeah, we come to multiply
And we're plannin the scheme for the long win
Yeah, our shit be always right
Every move you'll see how it's related..
(Instrumental)
Ahh, Suge what I tell you nigga,
when I come out of jail what was I gonna do
I was gonna start diggin' into these niggas chest, right
Watch this, hey Quik let me see them binoculars, nigga
The binoculars

Ha ha ha ha, yeah nigga time to ride
Grab your bulletproof vest nigga
cause its gonna be a long one
Now me and Quik gonna show you niggas what it's like on this side
The real side
Now, on this ride there's gonna be some real mutha-fuckas
and there's gonna be some pussys
Now the real niggas gonna be the ones with money and bitches
The pussys are gonna be the niggas on the floor bleedin'
Now everybody keep your eyes on the prize cause the ride get tricky
See you got some niggas on your side
That say they're your friends
But in real life they your enemies
And then you got some mutha-fuckas that say they your enemies
But in real life they eyes is on your money
See the enemies will say they true
But in real life those niggas will be the snitches
Its a dirty game y'all
Y'all got ta be careful about who you fuck with and who you don't fuck with
Cause the shit get wild y'all
Keep your mind on your riches, Baby
Keep your mind on your riches

9-1-1 its a emergency cowards tried to murder me
From hood to the 'burbs, everyone of you niggas heard of me
Shit I'm legendary niggas scary and paralyzed
Nothing more I despise than a liar
cowards die
My mama told me When I was to see
Just a vicious mutha fucker while these devils left me free
I proceed to make them shiver
when I deliver
Criminal lyrics
from a world wide mob figure
Thug niggas from everywhere Mr. Mackaveli
Niggas is waiting for some thug shit, thats what they tell me
So many rumors but I'm infinitely Immortal Outlaw
Switching up on you ordinary bitches
like a south paw you get let
And every breath I breathe untill the moment I'm deceased
Will be another moment ballin' as a 'G'
I rip the crowd, then I start again
Internally I live in sin
untill the moment that they let me breathe again
The heartz of men

(Chorus)

The Heartz of Men

My lyrical verse with so much pain
that to some niggas it hurts
My guns bust
And if you ain't one of us
it gets worse
Bitch niggas get their eyes swoll
in fly mode
I'm a homicidal outlaw
and five-o, get your lights on, fight long
tonights gonna be a fuckin' fight
so we might roll
My own homies say I'm heartless
But I'm a 'G' to this 'til the day I'm gone that's regardless
Drive-by, niggas bow down
thought I'd rot in jail, paid bail, well niggas out now
Throw up your hands if you thugged out
First nigga act up
first nigga gettin' drugged out
I can be a villian if ya let me
I'll Muthafuck ya
if ya do upset me
tell the cops to come and get me
rip the crowd like a phone number
Then start again, don't have no muthafuckin' friends nigga
Look inside the heartz of men

(Chorus)

In The Heartz of Men
In The Heartz of Men

To all my niggas engaged in making money in the fifty states
Keep your mind on your chips and fuck a punk bitch
No longer living in fear
my pistol close in hand
Convinced this is my year
like I'm the chosen man
Give me my money and label me as a Don
If niggas is having problems
smoke'em, fire and bomb
I died and came back,
I hustle with these lyrics as if it's a game of crack
Thugin' is in my spirit
I'm lost and not knowing
scar'd up
but still flowing
energized and still going
Uhh, can it be fate
that makes a sick muthafucka break
On these jealous ass coward cuz they evil and fake
What will it take ?
Give me that bass line
I'm feeling bombed
Deathrow baby, don't be alarmed
The homie Quik gave a nigga a beat and let me start again
Represent
cause I've been sent
The heartz of men
[Run-D.M.C.]
Now there's a backseat/lover
That's always under/cover
And I talk til my daddy say
Said you ain't seen/nuthin
Til you're down on her/muffin
And there's sure to be a change in ways
Now there's a cheer/leader
That's a real big/pleaser
As far as I can remi/nisce
But the best thing/love it
Was her sister and her/cousin
And it started with a little kiss, like this

She starts/swingin
With the boys in/tune
And her feet just fly up in the air
Singin hey diddle diddle with a kitty in the middle
And they swingin like it just don't care
So I took a big/chance
At the high school/dance
With a lady who was ready to play
It wasn't me she was/foolin
Cause she knew what was she was/doin
when she told me how to walk this way

Chorus: Run-D.M.C. and Aerosmith

She told me to
Walk this way!
Talk this way!
(repeat 2X)
(repeat all 2X)
Well just gimme a kiss/some head!
Oooh, a-like this!

[Run-D.M.C.]
School girl/sleazy
With a/classy kind of sassy
Little skirt hangin way up her knee
It was three young ladies
In the school gym/locker
And they find they were lookin D
I was high school/loser
Never made it with a/lady
Til a boy told me somethin I missed
That my next door/neighbor
had a daughter/had a favor
And I gave the girl just a little kiss, like this

[Aerosmith]
She starts swingin with the boys in the school
with her feet flyin up in the air
Singing hey diddle diddle with a kitty in the middle
I was swingin like I didn't care
So I took a big chance at the high school dance
With a miss who was ready to play
Wasn't me she was foolin cause she knew what she was doin
when she told me how to walk this way

Chorus
Yeah, (hah, yeah) Roc-A-Fella
We invite you to, somethin epic y'all know?(something, something)
Well we hustle out of a sense of, hopelessness
Sort of a desperation(live nigga)
Through that desperation, we 'come addicted
Sorta like the fiends we accustomed to servin
But we feel we have nothin to lose(everything to gain)
so we offer you, well, we offer our lives, (right)
What do you bring to the table?

While I'm watchin every nigga watchin me closely
my shit is butter for the bread they wanna toast me
I keep my head, both of them where they supposed to be
Hoes'll get you sidetracked then clap from closed feet
I don't sleep, I'm tired, I feel wired like codeine, these days
a brother gotta admire from four fiends away
My pain wish it was quick to see, from sellin 'caine
til brains was fried to a fricaisse, can't lie
At the time it never bothered me, at the bar
gettin my thug on properly, my squad and me
lack of respect for authority, laughin hard
Happy to be escapin poverty, however brief
I know this game got valleys and peaks, expectation
for dips, four percent pertation we stack chips, hardly
The youth I used to be, soon to see a mill'in
No more, Big Willie my game has grown prefer you call me William
Illin for revenues, grateful dim the light
channel 7 news, round seven jewels, hand gettin the mic
Forgettin all I ever knew, convenient amnesia
I suggest you call my lawyer, I know the procedure
Lock my body can't trap my mind, easily
explain why we adapt to crime
I'd rather die enormous than live dormant that's how we on it
Live at the main event, I bet a trip to Maui on it
Presidential suites my resedential for the weekend
Confidentially speakin in codes since I sense you peekin
The INXS rental, don't be fooled my game is mental
We both out of town dog, what you tryin to get into?
Viva, Las Vegas, see ya, later at the crap tables
meet me by the one that starts a G up
This way no fraud Willie's present gambling they re-up
And we can have a pleasant time, sippin margaritas
Ge-ge-geyeahhh, can I live?
Can I live?

My mind is infested, with sick thoughts that circle
like a Lexus, if driven wrong it's sure to hurt you
Dual level like duplexes, in unity, my crew and me
commit atrocities like we got immunity
You guessed it, manifest it in tangible goods
Platinum Rolexed it, we don't lease
we buy the whole car, as you should
My confederation, dead a nation, EXPLODE
on detonation, overload the mind of a said patient
When it boils to steam, it comes to it
we all fiends gotta do it, even righteous minds go through this
True this, history school us to spend our money foolish
Bond with jewellers and, watch for intruders
I stepped it up another level, meditated like a buddhist
Recruited lieutenants with ludicrous, dreams of
gettin cream let's do this, against T-D-S
So I keep one eye open like, C-B-S, ya see me
stressed right? Can I live?
Can I live?
Can I live?
Can I live?
Ha-hah, Roc-A-Fella y'all
I don't wanna write this down, [world... premiere]
I wanna tell you how I feel right now [world... premiere]
I don't wanna take no time to write this down, [world... premiere]
I wanna tell you how I feel right now, hey [world... premiere]

Tomorrow may never come
For you or me
Life is not promised
Tomorrow may never show up
For you and me
This life is not promised

I ain't no perfect man
I'm trying to do, the best that I can,
With what it is I have
I ain't no perfect man
I'm trying to do, the best that I can,
With what it is I have

Put my heart and soul into this song [yes yes]
I hope you feel me
From where I am, to wherever you are
I mean that sincerely
Tomorrow may never come
For you and me
Life is not promised
Tomorrow may never appear
You better hold this very moment very close to you [right now]
Very close to you [right now]
So close to you, So close to you [your moment in history is right now!]
Don't be affraid, to let it shine

My Umi said shine your light on the world
Shine your light for the world to see
My Abi said shine your light on the world
Shine your light for the world to see
[I want black people to be free, to be free, to be free]
My Abi said shine your light on the world
[Want black people to be free, to be free, to be free]
Shine your light for the world to see
[Want black people to be free, to be free, to be free]
My Umi said shine your light on the world
[Want black people to be free, to be free, to be free]
Shine your light for the world to see
[Want black people to be free, to be free...]

Sometimes I get discouraged
I look around and, things are so weak
People are so weak
Sometimes,
Sometimes I feel like crying
Sometimes my heart gets heavy
Sometimes I just want to leave and fly away [fly fly fly, like a dove]
Sometimes I don't know what to do with myself [ow!]
Passion takes over me
I feel like a man
Going insane
Losing my brain
Trying to maintain
Doing my thang
Hey hey hey hey hey
Put my heart and soul into this y'all
I hope you feel me
Where I am, to wherever you are [ha ha ha ha]
Sometimes I don't want to be bothered
Sometimes I just want a quiet life, with
Me and my babies, me and my lady
Sometimes I don't want to get into no war
[Black people to be free, to be free...]
Sometimes I don't wanna be a soldier
Sometimes I just wanna be a man, but

Umi said shine your light on the world
Shine your light for the world to see
My Abi said shine your light on the world
Shine your light for the world to see
[I want black people to be free, to be free, to be free]
My people said shine your light on the world
[Want black people to be free, to be free, to be free]
Shine your light for the world to see
[Want black people]
My elders said shine your light on the world [Hey hey]
Shine your light for the world to see

I want black people to be free, to be free, to be free
All my people to be free, to be free, to be free
Oh black people to be free, to be free, to be free
Oh black people to be free, to be free, to be free

That's all that matters to me (x7)

Black people unite and let's all get down
Gotta have what,
Gotta have that love
Peace and understanding
One God, one light
One man, one voice, one mic
Black people unite come on and do it right
Black people unite come on and do it right
Black people unite come on and get down
Gotta have what,
Love, peace and understanding
One God, one voice, one life
One man, gon' shine my light
Black people unite, now hop up and do it right
Black people unite, now come on and do it right
Yeah baby that's what I like
Yeah baby that's what I like
Yeah baby that's what I like...
[Black people, my people....]
Hallelujah can tell this
Devin's got some shit wouldn't give a fuck if you dissed
Because shit to each's own and each owns voice
You can be stealin killin or chillen whateva your choice
Smoke some weed smoke ya pipe fuck it
Life if how you live it
I grab tha mic while tha DJ groove it (turntable scratch noise)
Explicit lyrics is what um known to kick
Trying to make money so I can make honeys blow on mah dick
I go on a quick mission to find some kil'
Ain't no big deal, just hop in tha Seville
Mah homey put me down quarter pound for a bill
Wake up in tha morning and I have weed still and I chill
With tha brothas sippin coffee
Too old to be listenin' into what you say so hoe get off me
You're born in this world by ya self and you die alone
So as long as ya grown ya might as well gone and just

(Chorus)
Do what tha fuck you wanna do (Go ahead and just)
Say what tha fuck you wanna say

What did it all mean?
Say what you want hoe ya grown
You make decisions on your own
No one would suffer but you
So do what tha fuck you wanna do

Now everybody's got elders and you should respect um
They been through similar shit but then again you can't let um
Put they hands on ya life like a remote control
Have you travelin down tha same bumpy tore up road
Now close friends and relatives they should be constantly by ya side
And understand you gotta let ya conscience be your guide
There'll finally come a time for ya self you must decide
Cause you only get a ticket might as well enjoy tha ride and just

(Chorus)

And there's a couple of fucked up man made rules that we should follow
But you gotta realize you just might not wake up tomorrow
And tha dollar you earn is tha dolla you spend
Go get sumthin for ya kids or buy a bottle of gin
Is it a sin? I 'ont (don't) know
What X and O's in this game
Tryin to survive, tryin to get high, tryin to get by and stay alive
So (Do it till ya satisfied) Not just a lil bit
But wait until ya eighty and start sayin what you couldda did

But what did it all mean?
Say what you want hoe ya grown
You make decisions on your own
No one would suffer but you
So do what tha fuck you wanna do

Chorus fades out
Chorus:

This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas, now back to the Gz
This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas now back to the Gz

Verse One:

Freeze, at ease, now let me drop some more of them keys
It's 19-9-tre so let me just play
it's Snoop Dogg, I'm on the mic, I'm back with Dr. Dre
But this time I'ma hit yo' ass with a touch
To leave motherfuckers in a daze, fucked up
So sit back relax new jacks get smacked
It's Snoop Doggy Dogg I'm at the top of the stack
I don't lack for a second, and I'm still checkin
The dopest motherfucker that ya hearin on the record
it's me, ya see, S-N-double-O-P
D-O-double-G-Y, the D-O-double-G
I'm fly as a falcon, soarin through the sky
And I'm high till I dizzie, rizzide
So check it, I get busy, I make your head dizzy
I blow up your mouth like I was Dizzy Gillespie
I'm crazy, you can't phase me
I'm the S oh yes, I'm fresh, I don't fuck with the stress
I'm all about the chronic, bionic ya see
Every single day, chillin with the D-O-double-G's
P-O-U-N-D that's my clique, my crew
Ya fuck with us, we gots to fuck you up
I thought ya knew, but yet and still
Ya wanna get real, now it's time to peel, ya say chill
and feel, the motherfuckin realism
Snoop Doggy Dogg is on the mic i'm hittin hard as steel nigga

Chorus

Verse Two:

How many hoes in your motherfuckin group
Wanna take a ride in my 7-8 Coupe, DeVille
Chill, as i take you on a trip
where them niggaz ride, and slide, you know about the East Side
Niggaz like myself, here to show you where it's at
With my hoes on my side, and my strap on my back
Papers I stack daily, and Death Row is still the label that pays me
but you know how that goes
We flow toe for toe, if you ain't on the Row
Fuck you and your hoe, really doe, so check it
It's Snoop Doggy Dogg on the solo tip
Still clockin grip, and really don't give a sheeit
about nuttin at all, just my Doggs, steppin through the fog
and i'm still gonna fade em all
With the gangsta shit that keeps ya hangin
How many hoes in ninety-four will I be bangin?
Every single one, to get the job done
As I dip, skip, flip, right back to two one
Where the sun be shinin and i be ryhmin
It's me, Snoop D-O-double-G, and I'm climbin

Chorus

Verse Three:

I come creepin through the fog with my saggin Dukes
East Side, Long Beach, in a 7-8 Coupe DeBille
I'm rollin with the G Funk, bumpin in my shit and it don't quit
So drop it on the one motherfucker put together that set
A nigga with a grip of that gangsta shit
With the Eastside hoes on my motherfuckin dick
And the Compton niggaz all about to set trip
Swing it back, bring it back, just like this
And if you with my shit, then blaze up another spliff
And keep the motherfuckin blunt in your pocket loc
Cuz Doggy Dogg is all about the zig zag smoke
See it's a West coast thing, where I'm from
And if you want some, get some, bad enough, take some
But watch the gun by my side
Because it represents me and the motherfuckin East Side
So bow down to the bow wow, cause bow wow
yippie yo, you can't see my flow
My shit is dope, original, now you know
And can't no hood fuck with Death Rizzow

Chorus
Wish

Goddamn cigarettes!


Nigga that shit sound sweet if everybody


Krayzie

Budsmokers only. Budsmokers only, only. [*4]


Wish
Some niggas be passin' that weed on to the thugsta niggas from Cleveland, gotta smoke 'til it's all gone. Now, we wanna bong, 'cause a nigga be creepin'. Called all my thugstas, all them niggas drank. Called all my thugstas, all them niggas smoke weed. Gotta get me some, now.

Krayzie
My love is in hydro, gotta choke, let me loc' with a little bit of smoke in my throat. Can't let-a-me high go. Goin' broke. Mo Thug hit the bud up and then get up upon me. Inhale, just lit up a blunt, and me roll fat one to get P.O.D.'ded. They label me killa, drugdealer, that realer nigga, Krayzie weeded.

Layzie
Blaze up a blunt, gotta have that hydro, need me a hit of the tweed, made me drop to me knees. And I gotta give love to the green leaves, steadily spendin' that cheese, feelin' at ease. Thuggin' on off in the cut, now when I'm checkin' on how this shit's on. In a raid, smoked out with my nigga, Tav. Smokin' that tweed 'til we fall to our grave.

Bizzy
Make up the dummy to make up me money. Weed run me, and headed for broke, smoke on the bong, hit the bong wrong, nigga, me cough and choke. We, the real O.T.'s loc' strong, Bone . I gotta C-note to toke on. So choke on, me holdin' the smoke 'til it's gone for long, and stay long.

Krayzie
Wanna get you fucked up. Gonna get you fucked up. (Hey, now, pass me some reefer.) [*2]

Wish
Mr. Inventor-of-the-green-leaves, gotta give P's, 'cause I love this type shit. And it's never gonna quit. Doctor told me better stop, but man, fuck that bitch! Me never goin' stop me smoke, try to tell me, gauge in your throat. Gotsta run me on, fuckin' with Bone, lovin' this weed song.

Krayzie
Thuggin' with me trues, swiggin' on brews, steady be losin' me balance. Take a puff to the dome, trippin' off Flesh Bone, showin' off me talent. Smoke until-a-me die, nigga gotta get high, if you wanna come right. Come with me, smoke on a blunt and get nice. Nigga, take a weed fiend's advice. (nice!)

Layzie
Feelin' onto main, quarter-roll to the brain. Smokin' like blunt after blunt my niggas is insane. Other niggas can't hang. It's a Bone thang, how a nigga like me smoke and maintain and remain #1. Here I come with the tweed in my chest. Nigga, got his wig to the curb, split up and serve, but fuck it! Gotta have them green herbs.

Bizzy
If you got bag of tweed, well blaze it with me fool. Now don't be stingy, and please no pinnas. Make it swollen! 'Cause if I had me some weed, you know I'd smoke it with you. Come-come get wit-a-me--me and my niggas blunts we rollin'.

Krayzie &amp;amp;amp; Bone
Budsmokers only. Budsmokers only, only. [*8]

Krayzie
I take a hit of the reefer, keep smokin'. [*8]
Everything Must Change

I was never one to back out of an argument
and say I was wrong.
Even when I'd seen the other side

I'd hide my foolishness and carry on.
But still I'd embarrassed

'Cause they'd seen what happened and they playin' along.
Until I backed myself into a corner

I will only realize when they had gone.

And like a dream alive
a reason - everything must change.
- Every-
everything
everything must change -
And like a world this earth and seasons -
everything must change.
- Every-
everything
everything must change -

In the same way when we disagree

I woundn't be the one to back down.
Still I'd know that you had faith in me

Tell me something am I letting you down?
'Cause when I woke up and I saw the note

You pressed into the mirror frame

But it was easy to be angry at you

But deep inside I know
we share the blame.
And now
like a dream alive
a reason -
everything must change. . . .

I'm going back to the top to start myself off

But first of all something's I need to know:
When I'm scared of being wrong again

Won't you be the one I turn to
to let me know
oh let me know.
Oh
please
let me be right for once

'Cause right now all I feel
I do is wrong.
And it's never too late to learn about love

And this victim needs your hand to hold on.

And like a dream alive
a reason - everything must change . . .
And like a dream alive
a reason - everything must change.
And like a world this earth and seasons -
everything must change
And like a dream alive
a reason - everything must change. . . .
Girl, don't tell me that it's morning.
Can we keep the curtains drawn?
I havn't given you fair warning,
But our ship, our ship she sails at dawn.

And it's true I must be going,
But I swear it wont be long.
There isn't that much ocean
Between Boston and St. John's.
I'm a rover, and im bound to sail away.
I'm a rover, can you love me anyway?

And if some suitor comes approaching,
Will you let him through your door?
What if i return half broken,
Will you still want me anymore?

And it's true I must be going,
But I swear it wont be long.
There isn't that much ocean
Between Boston and St. John's.
I'm a rover, and im bound to sail away.
I'm a rover, can you love me anyway?

Close your eyes and dream,
And tell me what you see.
You can tell me what you want,
Just tell me that you'll wait for me.

But, oh, dont tell me that its morning,
Can we keep the curtains drawn?
I havn't given you fair warning,
But our ship she sails at dawn.

And it's true I must be going,
But I swear it wont be long.
There isn't that much ocean
Between Boston and St. John's.
I'm a rover, and im bound to sail away.
I'm a rover, yes im a rover.....im a rover, can you love me anyway?
Oh..............
Judge not and shall be judged first
Die nigga, die nigga

chorus
Look in my eyes, see what I see
Do what I do, be what I be
Walk with my shoes that hurt your feet
And know why I lurk the streets

DMX:
Burning in hell, but don't deserved to be
Got niggas I don't even know that wanna murder me
It's because they heard of me
And they know that the Dark is for real
The bark is for real, when you see that spark it'll kill
Be poppin, robbin and chill, take it over there bark wit' it
From Ohio to Cali to Baltimore back to New York wit' it
Come through flyin', a 129
Up the school street cuz I come through mine
Barking my dogs, get at me nigga
arf arf arf
Get at me nigga
What the deal is, never forget what real is
Them cats that used to say X is the best know he still is
Can't help but feel this, putting goosebumps on your arms
Take you there if you want but I lose chunks with the bomb
Then come for the star
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and it's getting warm
Feel me yo

chorus 2x

DMX:
I can understand why y'all niggas is scared of me
And why the big dogs never wanted to play fair with me
Cuz I leave blood wherever I go, wherever I flow
Wherever I blow niggas who know I can go
Feel me yo
What is it about the Dark that gets niggas where they about to spark
About to bark, take it to the heart cuz it's real like that
Give him chills, but do I make him feel like that
Shit is real, what you don't know is gon' getcha
With the steal, what you don't know is gon' splitcha
I can blaze tracks
Make niggas play raps and raise stacks
Paybacks a bitch, didn't you used to say that
Play around in dirt, you get mugged
Cuz you know, I can either spread love or shed blood
And bloodshed turns to mudred and real sticky
Or I can hit you from roof, make it a quicky
For real

chorus

DMX:
I bear my soul, niggas wouldn't dare, my role
Gives a nigga a heart of gold but with a hole
Lost all control, my shoulders hold a lot of weight
Just like first time soldier eighth done told us not to hate
But then it's out of state, and it's too late
For change is to be made
That's what I get for fucking with strangers in the shade
This is it, that nigga's got to give me a place
For the same reason that fate, chose to give me away
Take away hate, now I'm supposed to love the one that cursed me
The one that wouldn't give me a cup of water when I was thirsty
It was always his versus me, but now I gotta teach him
Personal feelings put aside, cuz now I gotta reach him
What I'd like to do is turn my head, like I don't know him
But it seems like I've been called on to show him
So I'ma show him
And if you never met me, then you've no right to judge me
I've got a good heart but this heart can get ugly

chorus 2x

Feel the pain, feel the joy, of a man who was never a boy. For real.
arf arf, arf, arf, arf
[B.I.G.]

1970 Somethin' nigga i don't sweat the date my moms was late,

so i had to plan my escape, out the skins,

in this world the fly girls, tangeray and hennesey,

untill i call earl, 10 months in this gut, wut the f**k,

i wish moms would hurry up, so i can get buck wild,

juvenile with the mics n shit, New York New York, ready for the likes of this,

then came the worst date, May 21st 2:19 was when my moma water burst,

no spouse in the house, so she rolled herself,

to the hospital, to see if she could get a little help,

umbilicle cords wrapped around my neck,

im seein' my death, and i ain't even took my first step,

i made it out im bringin' mad joy,

the docter looked and said he's gonna be BAD BOY!

[Faith Evans]

I remmember back in time, before all the homies died, before all the dollars and nines, i knew that i was

goin' somewhere, let me take you back in time, before i even got the rhyme, before i had nickels and

dimes, i knew that i was goin' somewhere,

[The Game]

would pac be alive, if u let pac drive,

swear to god to reverse it i give my left eye,

with the right i visualized, the king of bed-stuy,

checkin his daughter tianna into junior high,

if i was in brooklyn, and B.I. was still alive,in 2006 it might sound like this,

N.Y. 718 212, with sues rendevouz,

its like moulin rouge,

high fashion, up town air force ones,

and vasquez, puerto ricans with fat asses

lace dutch masters, we dump ashes, on models and S classes,

for you bastards, catch a cab to manhattan,

with that broadway actin', u hype that belly shit,

would u get u capped, and wrapped in plastic,

tell the captain, S Roge was happennin',

out here nor speak no evil, inside the magnum

[Faith Evans]

I remmember back in time, before all the homies died, before all the dollars and nines, i knew that i was

goin' somewhere, let me take you back in time,

[B.I.G.]

now i'm 13 smokin' blunts, makin' green,

on the drug scene, f**k the football team,

risk it, rupt ur spleens, by the age of 16,

hearin' the coach scream, make my lifetime dream,

i mean, i wanna blow up, stack my doe up,

so school i didn't show up, and f**ked my flow up,

mom said that i should grow up, and check myself,

before i wreck myself, disrespect myself,

put the drugs on the shelf, naww! i couldn't see it,

Scarface king of New York, i wanna be it,

rap was secondary, money was neccessary,

untill i got encarcerated, kinda scary,

see 74' march 8, set me straight, not able to move behind a great steel gate,

time to contemplate, damn were did i fail,

all the money i stacked, was all the money for bail,

[Faith Evans]

I remmember back in time, before all the homies died, before all the dollars and nines, i knew that i was

goin' somewhere, let me take you back in time, before i even got the rhyme, before i had nickels and

dimes, i knew that i was goin' somewhere,
(Dialogue below interpreted by Cage from the film &amp;quot;Clockwork Orange&amp;quot;) *whispered in the background: &amp;quot;Smoke dust, shoot the cops Give out automatics to your friends on the block&amp;quot;* There was me, Alex.. and three of my mens All supposed to meet at Korova Milk Bar The Korova Milk Bar couldn't afford it's liquor license so it sold milkplus Drencrom, or Synthmesc It would sharpen you up for a bit of the ol' ultraviolence which plagued our minds for the evening And so kiddies... death for all, right right?! RIGHT RIGHT!! [Verse One: Cage] I'm Against the Machine like Rage; bitches say, &amp;quot;I hate you Cage!&amp;quot; After circle jerks, I wash my hands off and do dirt Sick with a smirk, plus I be disturbed Fucked the first two bitches like dogs and I jacked off on the third I'm obvious oblivion but that's my science Fuck your head up like corn rows put in by blind giants Haven't been with it, since the last corpse kidded Wore a blood stained smile, and told the cop, &amp;quot;He did it!&amp;quot; Of course the most raw throughout the 9-1-4, 1-0-9-4-0 Got you beasts shook like Doc Moreau Pour beer out for yourself because you're walkin dead I'll burn your house down like a fuckin Talking Head And get high like fuck, and pick apart my brain Disections [HA!] may [HA!] mentally [HA!] cause [HA!] infections Break you with inventions, sick intentions Leave most MC's lost in my sentence I'm strictly, beyond and back, come and get me Hemotobin, left from a lip like a hickie Leak smoke got me ready to murder a rookie Killers on your block tuck in they dicks like Tootsie Come and witness what your shit missed Watch the glock kiss, Little Sis' wetter like a Baptist Inconvinence; dilemma, like sitting on, Venus with no shuttle, treeless Try and pick apart some Agent Orange perception Catch frontal lobe damage and not manage correction I smell leak smoke, left by the anonymous Beats brought back to life, die, when I'm embalmin this Come around and get yo' ass shot to clusters I'ma play the injuns with the arrows you be Custard's.. back I write upon ya, divorce your head and neck then scalp it Rip off all your flesh and make a outfit [Chorus: *cut and scratched by the DJ*] People said his brain was infected by devils (3X) Infected by, infected by, infected by devils People said his brain was infected by devils (3X) [Verse Two: Cage] I survived abortion; got mushed in that canister shaped coffin til stolen (&amp;quot;that bitch&amp;quot;) from the garbage I was tossed in Instincts, snatch your cream like links Blow shotguns through the sky, makin E.T. eyes chink See me twistin leak with my peeps from psychiatrics Get high, run up in ya crib and fuck ya moms backwards Lost in the dust, don't give a fuck about dangerous I'm in it for the whip, plus the cream and the head.. rush Ready to bust any trick that talk slick Know a crew of devils in my head that force me to walk.. with, Death in my pocket for the curious At your execution see twelve faces of Jesus in your jury this, Orange Agent, shit on the vagrant Caught you in the alley by yourself and left your head vacant Dare you sample, some of the stress in my life Give an MC brain surgery with butterfly knives For all you cunts that try to spit with your bitch clique behind ya Wake up in the mornin with a horsehead beside ya Ma Dukes is just a cherry on top Spendin G's on quacks to try an fix my Clock I caught the quick lock, buggin in the institution Whatever sanity was left, caught the execution Psychological pollution, they stickin me with Thorazine solution Shootin at the sky lookin for Godly retribution And I can almost see clear I start buggin like a insect and lay larvae in ya ear Agent Orange stompin on MC corpse slim circle body part Call murder scenes abstract art Split your sweet prayers since the horror show with infra-red Boots get planted in chest there for the misled Lay it down for naps in the dirt, just like Clockwork Undress your ghost while your brain's takin a squirt [Chorus] (Dialogue below interpreted by Cage from the film &amp;quot;Clockwork Orange&amp;quot;) Still feeling alive as the young devotchka collapsed Me being still ready for more in-out in-out Necro still forcing syringes and dope tracks on the locals We came to a place called home and did a little of the old, break and enter I could feel the Drencrom, leading me on to a horrow show trying to walk; me being up twice..
Snuck up behind him, had his hands in his pocket
Too my pistol out, unlocked it
Pulled the hammer back and - cocked it
And left his shit all on the carpet
I seen a (murder, murder) I pin-pointed my target
I'm making my way up out the building
I got the nigga that I came here to get, notify his children
That they old man done fell up out the game
Because I came to this muthafucka
and killed his ass just like Jesse James

Think it's a muthafuckin game?
I come around this muthafucka and kill yo ass just like Jesse James

What's my muthafuckin name?

There'll be no witnesses to this homicide
No re-enactment on the late night news to be re-dramatized
All you got is a nigga with a dot
In the middle of his muthafuckin head he been shot
Dropped in the middle of the floor and he ain't breathin
And the nigga's on the go cause we ain't seein
He did his dirt and got the fuck up out the picture
The hollow point just hitcha, out of line, so it got witcha
Call the muthafuckin helicopter
But ain't no hope, cause the Tina broke that nigga off a hella proper
That oughta hold your monkey ass (muthafucka, you)
That oughta teach your funky ass (muthafucka, you)
I know this muthafuckin game is sheift
And you done lost the fuckin game of life
And that's a muthafuckin shame
You let a nigga come around and do yo ass just like Jesse James

And that's a muthafuckin shame
You came around this muthafucka and let me do ya like Jesse James

Think it's a muthafuckin game?

Wait - this muthafucka got me bent, I gots to - break
Because this nigga done put his hands all up in my - face
He best to chill before I hit him with this - lace
And catch this muthafuckin case
Cause once I got it blind, then he done with
Because I'm true to myself, fuck the dumb shit
You ain't no muthafuckin gangsta, gee
And when I get up out your ass you gon' realize it just ain'tsta be
It ain't no studio up in me
And all that bullshit I'm hearin you talk only offends me
And lately I'm under a lot of pressure
It seems to me you can't come clean, so yo, I gots to check ya
I pull my .45 and (buck, buck, buck, buck)
And right before he die I (fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck)
I could give a muthafuck about the sentence
I snatch yo ass up off the hinges cause I'm (SCREAMING FOR VENGEANCE)
Cause life has no meaning, no meaning
We were all born to die, so no screaming
Think it's a muthafuckin game?
I come around this muthafucka and cut yo ass just like Jesse James

Put out your muthafuckin brains
I come around this muthafucka and do yo ass just like Jesse James

Think it's a muthafuckin game?
(feat. Rahzel, Roy Hargrove, Black Thought)

[Common]
Cold-blooded, cold-blooded, hard-core
Rough and rugged, rugged and raw
For you and your-your, for you and your
You got the C to the, huh - cold-blooded
Ain't it - huh, c'mon - hard-core
We take it hiiiiiiiiiiiiigh-er

Yo, yo
My little daughter, started, nursery school
Brother Com, gotta make our move through
the stylist(?) and violence with vibrance
The sign of times with rhyme shit is timeless
The mind is a terrible thing to spill
Rap life's like a dream that seems for real
A nigga wake up, superstar, with no acres
after, travellin the world to see paper's just paper
Streets take ya, back and forth like a shaker
I'm a slave to the rhythm's breakin off
I get the job done - but some days I wanna take off
D be like, &amp;quot;We ain't got no time for that!&amp;quot;
?uestlove said, &amp;quot;We ain't got no time for that!&amp;quot;
My old bird like, &amp;quot;We ain't got no time for that!&amp;quot;
So I rhyme when my back hurts
Play the numbers from my grandmother like Kraftwerk
I rock the patchwork fast I'm in to win but then begin to sin
we're in to win with Hen's and Heineken's
Beast for each and greet the meek with speech
to seek and peak cause Pete, shit gets deep
I fuh-fuh-freak, styles that come out
at night, when most cats pull the gun out
Go on and on and, to the break of when the
sound run out, run out, r-run out
C uhh, yeah

Cold-blooded (c'mon) cold-blooded, hard-core
(hit em with the) Rough and rugged (c'mon) rugged and raw
(hey) for you and yours, for you and yours
You got the C, uhh - cold-blooded (yeah)
cold-blooded (c'mon) hard-core
(ain't it funky) Rough and rugged, rugged and raw
for you and yours, for you and yours
(Yo, yo I-I think I wanna taste these horns
I want you to taste these horns, c'mon now)
C, the cold-blooded (uh) cold-blooded (yeah) hard-core
(ain't it) Rough and rugged (uh) rugged and raw
(yeah baby that's what I'm talkin about
c'mon, give em, give us a little more)
for you and yours, for you and yours
C to the, cold-blooded (na, na-nasty) cold-blooded, hard-core
(c'mon) Rough and rugged, rugged and raw
(Yo, aight let let me get a little taste of this here)
for you and yours, for you and yours..

[Common]
The simps, please uhh uhh uhh uhh
These studs mention me, uhh uhh uhh uhh
As a, intense MC, sent to be the reign
on the industry I came
With penitentiary talk, Coke and a Hennesey walk
My imagery talks, metaphors and similes stalk
Time for war, my artillery caulks the hardest nigga
I'm killin 'em soft
Dealin with golf, gettin blowed on the course
I be dissin magazines, but then buy The Source
Can't explain why the force, is with me
Known to bring a rapper down - like Bobby did Whitney
Sophisticated sissies strut like this is Beat Street in backpacks
Braggin how they don't eat meat and abstract
I backsmack em with they skateboard, flee the crime scene
with a rhyme scheme to escape frauds
Make broads become queens, run things like a rasta sprinter
The way you want the game I rub off like Henner
I remain like a tattoo with natural raps
Copy like a fax that's y'all actual facts
Battle raps is where it began, I'ma end it wherever I land
I done thought of, a master plan, it goes

C to the, cold-blooded (yeah, c'mon)
cold-blooded, (ya know) hard-core
(ain't it) Rough and rugged, (c'mon) rugged and raw
for you and yours, for you and yours
You got the C to the, cold-blooded
cold-blooded, hard-core
Rough and rugged, rugged and raw
for you and yours, for you and yours
You got the C to the, cold-blooded (yeah, hey)
cold-blooded (na-nasty, yo yo) hard-core
Rough and rugged, rugged and raw
(ain't it, ain't it) for you and yours, for you and yours
You got the C to the, cold-blooded
cold-blooded, (c'mon) hard-core
Rough and rugged, rugged and raw
for you and yours, for you and yours..

[Common ad-libs, then some vocal samples til end]
Intro: Wyclef Jean
Pick up your microphones
Pick up your microphones
Chorus: Wyclef/Pras
How many mics do we rip on the daily
Say, me say many money say me say many many many
How many mics do we rip on the daily
Many money say me say many many many
Verse One: Lauryn Hill
I get mad frustrated when I rhyme
Thinkin of all them kids that try to do this for all the wrong reasons
Season change mad things rearrange
But it all stays the same like the love doctor strange
I'm tame like the rapper get red like a snapper, when they do that
Got your whole block saying true dat
If only they knew that, it was you who was irregular
Soldier soul for some secular muzac that's whack
Plus you use that, loop, over and over
Claiming that you got a new style, your atempts are futile, oooh child
Your puerile, brain waves are sterile
You can't create you just wait to take, my take
Laced with malice, hands get callous, from ripping microphones
From here to Dallas go ask Alice if you don't believe me
I get innovisions like Stevie
See me, a sin from the chalice, like the weed be
Indeed we like Kalid Mohammed MC's make me vomit
I get controversial, freaky style with no rehearsal
Au contraire mon frere, don't you even go there
Me without a mike is like a beat without a snare
I dare to tear into your ego, we go, way back
Like some ganja and palequo or ColecoVision
My minds make incisions in your anatomy
And I back this with Deuteronomy or Leviticus
God made this word, you can't get with this
Sweet like licorice, dangerous like syphillis, yeah
Chorus
Verse Two: Wyclef Jean
I used to be underrated, now I take iron, makes my shit constipated
I'm more concentrated, so on my day off with David Sanonburg I play
golf
Run through Crown Heights screaming out &amp;amp;quot;Mazeltoff!&amp;amp;quot;
Problem with noman before black I'm first hu-man
Appetite to write, like Frederick Douglass with a slave hand
Street pressure, word to papa I ain't going under
One day I have a label and make deals with Tommy Mottola
Mama always told me, &amp;amp;quot;Your one in a million,
Always watch our back, never tango with haitian-sicilians&amp;amp;quot;
Now I got a record deal, how does it feel?
I'm never gonna survive unless I get crazy like Seal
Cause the whole worlds' out a order
So at night the feins dance on grease with John Travolta
One got slaughtered as he caught blood from his mouth
The other tried to duck and caught a left with my Guinness stout
Brother, brother can't you get this through your head
It's a setup by the feds, their scoping us with their infrareds
Chorus
Verse Three: Prazwell
Too many MC's not enough mikes, exit your show like I exit the
turnpike
Dice and dynomite like Dolomite, double do's been like I don't Dick
Van Dyke
Starlight to starbrite the freaks come out at night
Like my man Wyclef-&amp;amp;quot;I wear my sunglasses at night&amp;amp;quot;
And my ponage with martial encourage
Squash the squad and hide their bodies under my garage
And when the cops come lookin, I be bookin to Brooklyn
Beat the trails broken flipping tokens to Hoboken
A clean Getaway like Alec Baldwin
Driving in my fast car playing Tracy Chapman
Chorus
Many, many money many many many
Many, many money, ha, ha, ha
(Yeah... this right hear... goes out to everyone who has lost someone they
truly love)

Seems like yesterday we used to rock the show
I laced the track, you locked the flow
So far from hangin on the block for dough
Notorious, they got to know that
Life ain't always what it seem to be (uh-uh)
Words can't express what you mean to me
Even though you're gone, we still a team
Through your family, I'll fulfill your dream (that's right)
In the future, can't wait to see
If you open up the gates for me
Reminisce some time, the night they took my friend (uh-huh)
Try to black it out, but it plays again
When it's real, feelings hard to conceal
Can't imagine all the pain I feel
Give anything to hear half your breath (half your breath)
I know you still living your life, after death

Chorus: Faith Evans
Every step I take, every move I make
Every single day, every time I pray
I'll be missing you
Thinkin of the day, when you went away
What a life to take, what a bond to break
I'll be missing you

Verse Two: Puff Daddy
[Puff] I miss you Big
It's kinda hard with you not around (yeah)
Know you in heaven smilin down (eheh)
Watchin us while we pray for you
Every day we pray for you
Til the day we meet again
In my heart is where I'll keep you friend
Memories give me the strength I need (uh-huh) to proceed
Strength I need to believe
My thoughts Big I just can't define (can't define)
Wish I could turn back the hands of time
Us in the 6, shop for new clothes and kicks
You and me taking flicks
Makin hits, stages they receive you on
I still can't believe you're gone (can't believe you're gone)
Give anything to hear half your breath (half your breath)
I know you still living you're life, after death

Chorus:
Every step I take, every move I make
Every single day, every time I pray
I'll be missing you
Thinkin of the days, when you went away
What a life to take, what a bond to break
I'll be missing you

Faith Evans:
Somebody tell me why
One Black Morning
When this life is over
I know
I'll see your face

112 Outro:
Every night I pray, every step I take
Every move I make, every single day
Every night I pray, every step I take
[Puff] Every day that passes
Every move I make, every single day
[Puff] Is a day that I get closer
[Puff] To seeing you again
Every night I pray, every step I take
[Puff] We miss you Big... and we won't stop
Every move I make, every single day
[Puff] Cause we can't stop... that's right
Every night I pray, every step I take
Every move I make, every single day
[Puff] We miss you Big

Faith Evans:
Every step I take, every move I make
Every single day, every time I pray
I'll be missing you
Thinkin of the day, when you went away
What a life to take, what a bond to break
I'll be missing you

Every step I take, every move I make
Every single day, every time I pray
I'll be missing you
Thinkin of the day, when you went away
What a life to take, what a bond to break
I'll be missing you

Every step I take, every move I make
Every single day, every time I pray
I'll be missing you
Thinkin of the day, when you went away
What a life to take, what a bond to break
I'll be missng you
[Rhymefest]
Straight outta highschool he didn't know what to do
Wanted to go to college but no money was nothin' new
Wanted to get away go see the world and do somethin' new
He got approached in the mall by the army recruit
Told him &amp;quot;If you wanna go to school we got money too,
Sign up at eighteen you be you when you twenty-two&amp;quot;
He joined the army airborne got his uniform went to bootcamp got some
discipline Iraq is where they shipped him
He's in the mission where bullets flyin' and missin him
Wishin' he was a kid again with his family in Michigan
In the midst of fightin' militiamen, one round took down six of them
He ain't really a killa though, takin' a lotta risks
This is what a poor person do for a scholarship
He turned around and got a face full of hollow-tips
But don't be mad, he died for the flag

[Chorus: Citizen Cope]
Now what you've done here, is put yourself between a bullet and a target
And it won't be long before, you're pullin' yourself away
What you've done here, is put yourself between a bullet and a target
And it won't be long before, you're pullin' yourself away

[Rhymefest]
Papa was a playa, knew just what to say ta'
Get the women back to his lair, and lay her
If sex had a trophy he's the Hiesman touchdown
Hittin' models and B-chicks in Buzztown
He got the women with crazy stares with his lady there
Thay ain't care they like &amp;quot;Ooh look at his baby hair&amp;quot;
He took 'em all put 'em in a line hit five new chickens
He though they was fine
Got head from five dopefiends smokin' a dime
And did it all raw dog, and dog I ain't lyin'
Til' he woke up one season with legions
He went to the doctor asked him what was the reason
The test read positive he couldn't believe it
He tried to blame God askin' why did he leave him
Pleadin' please let the disease leave him
From women that he conquered, he caught the monster

[Chorus]

[Rhymefest]
Now when the sun goes down, north side of town
On the other side of the block, when cops ain't around
On the same side of the street that 'Pac hit the ground
Not in Vegas, cause every nigga got 'Pac in him now
When my guys hit the block, and we provin' we thugs
I ain't on no swim team but you see pools of blood
Skip Judy when you die, she ain't whose the judge
If you married to game then prove your love
Here's a strap shorty, shoot it do it then do it
This ain't a game this a organized movement
My hurt, my love, my pain, my stress
My strife, my wife, my life, my test
We made for more, we die for less
When you starvin' in the ghetto I'ma right the rest
See my girl think I'm hard, and my Momma think I'm hard
But when I'm all up in the dark I just fall on my knees

[Chorus]
That's you with that bad ass benz ha
That's you that can't keep an old lady cause you keep fucking her friends ha
You gotta go to court ha
You got served a subpeona for child support ha
That was that nerve ha
You ain't even much get a chance to say a word ha
I know i ain't trippin don't your brother got them birds ha
You ready to bust one of them niggaz head ha
You ain't scared ha
You know how to play it ha
I know you ain't just gonna let a nigga come and punk you ha
Stunt and front you ha
Straight up run you ha
You know who got that fire green ha
You know how to use a triple beam ha
Shit ain't hard as it seems ha
You keep your body clean ha
You got a lot of girbaud jeans ha
Some of your partners dope fiends ha
You really don't want to fuck with them niggaz ha
You come up with them niggaz ha
You stuck with them niggaz ha

(Chorus) 2X
You a paper chaser
You got your block on fire
Remaining a g until the moment you expire
You know what it is yo make nothing out of something
You handle your biz and don't be cryin and suffering

You can't do nothing but love fresh ha
You want to know what we gonna do next ha
You bought my tape with a check ha
You wearing a vest ha
You tryin to protect your chest ha
You spent 70 on your benz ha
That ain't yours that's for your friends ha
You wanna stop these niggaz from playing wit you ha
You wanna run the block ha
You wanna be the only nigga with rocks ha
You keep your gun cocked ha
You count the money at the end of the night ha
You on a three day flight ha
You full of that diesel ha
You duckin them people ha
Your face was on the news last night ha
You the one that robbed them little dudes out they shoes last night ha
You don't go in the projects when it's dark ha
You claim you thug and you ain't got no heart ha
You came in the Nolia on new years eve ha
You got stuck in that bitch and couldn't leave ha
It was hard for youto breathe ha

(Chorus) 2X
You a paper chaser
You got you block on fire
Remaining a g until the moment you expire
You know what it is to make nothing out of something
You handle your biz and don't be cryin and suffering

You got a trespassing charge ha
That dick got hard ha
When you were looking at them little broads ha
You don't know when to quit ha
That's you with that shot calling shit ha
That's you with that balling shit ha
That's you that's taking them hits ha
That hoe don't know when to shut up her mouth ha
You gonna knock that hoe teeth out ha
You done switched to nike to reebok ha
You twinkle you golds everytime you leave your house ha
Them income tax checks ha
You bout to flip that ha
You bout to go show you a gram ha
You bout to go put the dope dick on one of these hoe ha
When you broke you drove ha
When you paid you got bookoo places to go ha
You on top ha
You rob somebody shop ha
You don't think you can be stopped ha
You ridin in the benz on 20 inch rims ha

(Chorus)2X
You a paper chaser
You got your block on fire
Remaining a g until the moment you expire
You know what it is to make nothing out of something
You handle you biz and don't be cryin and suffering
[Intro: song sample]
"Is it much, too much to ask
Not to hide behind the mask"

[MF Doom]
Head on straight, mask on crooked
Exit stage left, with the cast on crooked
Off like a khufi, the figure's a big doofy
He tried to get schoolie, with that tool for you
One two for me G, cut the cranky attitude
Wet 'em like a handkerchief, or a stanky fatter dude
Whether you'se a rapper or a damn singer
Once you in there's only one way out, like a gang banger
With a new crew key chain, and street name
What set do he claim for fame, game
Just to keep feather and stay dipped
You need it like a letter, or better a get away whip
This old thing's rusted and crusted as the bowl
Rings the all kings busted
Planning in, global starvation and fat herb
Now what in tarnation did I go and do that for?
Stuff happens, like getting snuffed for tough tit rappings
See I told him enough, quit your yapping
The same apply to any and all chumps
The only question he had for y'all was how many lumps
Three or four, either or
Mon cheri amore, so why you need your heater for?
The super villain slid in your party for free
Want an MC, get out of here, kid, you bother me

[Ghostface Killah]
The day I took my mask off
My face was missing for two days
For the record, G, came back a year later
A whole new identity, Toney Starks pedigree
My money green like my nickname was celery
Who is Ghost? He flashed his toast
Never wore sheets, but bulletproof coats
Oh no! The feds cried for the mask back on
Told them Ghost is dead, he'll return at the crack of dawn
Few years from now, him and his pals
Before the Jetson era will rock, he'll be back summer time 2005
With a half of face iron, the other half water, look like alien science
In the summer time, you can see the face boil
But the other side, I keep luke with the Pennzoil
Mad loyal, when the winter time come, I gets stuck with my brain all numb
Like I ate thousand icey's and frozen Pepsi's
Aquaman's pops can't water check me, disrespect me, indirectly
I seen his feet and they both lefty, he steppin' half correctly
As I stroll the globe and terrorize the planet
With a Bill Clinton mask and them Playskool hens
Me and Doom, always be the best on the landing
Superheroes for life until our souls vanish

[Outro: Brak from Space Ghost]
Check me out my name is Brak and not to fuck
I got a mom and a dad and they all outback
We're sitting by the pool, and we never on snacks
And we eat a big lunch and we all take naps
Why the beat stop? Hey! Hey!
I got a Mask too, so give me a mic! (You're no Doom!)
Come on Danger Mouse, give me that beat!
Turn the beat around, love to hear precaution
(You suck) Turn it upside down!
Love to hear the... (I'm know talent, and you ain't got it)
I wasn't done!
(feat. Mel-Man &amp;amp; Charis Henry)

And now, The Car Bomb.

[Mel-Man]Yo, Re-Re, come on man, let get the fuck up out of here, man.
[Charis Henry]All right baby, all right Speedy, I coming, damn!
[Mel-Man]Took a motherfuckin?hour to get dressed, I told you I was gonna be here over this motherfucker, I wanna be in and out. Now, don fuck around over here.
[Charis Henry]And baby, I lookin good, all right, I lookin good
[Mel-Man]I sayin, fuck that man, I tryin to get the fuck up out of here, man.
[Charis Henry]All right, all right, I comin! Damn! Shit!
[Mel-Man]Yo, yo! Yo, hold it, hold it! Whassup, this shit? You know the people right there? You know those
motherfuckers right there?
[Charis Henry]No nigga, I don know, you paranoid...
[Mel-Man]What the fuck they lookin at? I sayin you ain seen the motherfuckers ridin past lookin all at me and shit!
[Charis Henry]Nigga, you trippin, now you trippin...aw, nigga you trippin, let go, scary-ass nigga you hidin?somethin, let keep...
[Mel-Man]Man, fuck that man, get in the car, man
[Charis Henry]Aw, goddamn
[Mel-Man]Told you don fuck around over here and shit
[Charis Henry]Whatever... (tries to start car) Aw...
(tries to start car)
[Mel-Man]Damn, what the fuck up with this shit?
[Charis Henry]You didn put no gas in this raggedy motherfucker, goddamn! (tries to start car)
[Mel-Man]I just got a tune-up the other day, man! My shit and all that.
[Charis Henry]Haha...ain this a bitch, pined-out Pete. (tries to start car) Let keep, oh my goodness
[Mel-Man]Man, shut the fuck up, let me start my motherfuckin shit
[Charis Henry](tries to start car)
Fuck you, nigga, take me...

(Loud BOOM as car explodes)
[Intro]
Hey T.I.P pimpin
Hey shorty why you gotta act like that, I'm sayin
I'm just tryin to be nice to you

[Chorus]
Go and tell a nigga no, wit a ass so fat
Hey why you wanna go and do that lil momma
Hey-Hey why you wanna go and do that, do that
Hey-Hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that
In a relationship been faithful to a nigga so whack
Hey why you wanna go and do that lil momma
Hey-Hey why you wanna go and do that, do that
Hey-Hey why you wanna go and do that-that-that..aye-aye

[T.I.]
Can't help but notice how you glowing, I can see in yo face
Now I just wonder if he know he close to being replaced
Swear I treat you like a queen you put me in his place
So you can give back his ring and the key to his place
Tell the nigga one thing that you need yo space
Selling niggaz is one thing you don't need to chase
I wanna kiss you everywhere between yo knees and waist
Hear the sounds that you makin, get yo knees to shake
Holla at me in the A, you feel you need to escape
I gotta mansion and a gate, you wit me you safe
A Benz, a Phantom and a truck wit 23's the case
600 Gz in the safe, how much cheese it take?
This a chance you need to take, ain't no need to wait
Say the word we can leave today, this song's special
And it feel like faith, make a mistake
How the same thing making you say I'm making you stay

[Chorus]

[T.I.]
I can't touch you like that, and make you make you feel like this
Holla if you came back and it's still like this
Do he hit it from the back and make you feel it yo chest
Take advantage of what your concealing in yo dress
What, he think he too fresh to show that you the best
Compliment you on your hair and legs and treat you wit respect
Give you sex till you sweat, tongue kissing on yo neck
It's been awhile since she got it like this I bet
I can tell you ain't just another bitch I met
Ain't nobody got me open like this, not yet
You confused ain't decided which way you should go yet
So how you keep sayin no with yo panties so wet

[Chorus]

[T.I.]
This nigga playing mind games man
I think the time came, that you mind changed you understand
Life is like a chess move, you need to make yo next move
Yo best move, keep it pimpin' you understand...hey
I mean you know what I'm sayin I don showed you how I feel
You know what I'm sayin, I put myself all the way out there you know
The ball in yo court man, but I just got a question for you...
Is you happy??

[Chorus]
(thats what we talking abuot
canda styel ya
ah ah
shaggy: let me see the hands of all my angels in the air
i wanna see my angels spread your wings
you know why cuse canda got nothing but angels)
==(song start)=====!!!!!!!!!

now waana gone catch all these nice ladys and girls
Shooby dooby dooby doo woi
treats all like dimonds and pearls
yet agin it the same thing withe all the girls and girls and girls around the world ,
Shooby doo
now this is ravoen and shaggey not this is real when we shock it with a combination (come on come on) that make you jump and twist
Shooby doo dooby doo boi oi
were my angels at spread your wings
come on baby let me here you sing

Chorus:
Girl, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Closer than my peeps you are to me, baby
Shorty, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Girl, you're my friend when I'm in need, lady

Life is one big party when you're still young
But who's gonna have your back when it's all done(yea)
It's all good when you're little you're pure fun
Can't be a fool son, what about the long run(yea)
Looking back Shorty always a mention
Say me not giving her much attention(yea)
She was there through my incarceration
I wanna show the nation my appreciation

Girl, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Closer than my peeps you are to me, baby
Shorty, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Girl, you're my friend when I'm in need, lady

You're a queen and thats how you should be treated
Though you never get the lovin' that you needed(yea)
Coulda left, but I called and you heeded
Begged and I pleaded, mission completed(yea)
Mama said now that I dissed the program
Not the type to mess around with her emotion(yea)
But the feeling that I have for you is so strong
Been together so long, and this could never be wrong

Girl, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Closer than my peeps you are to me, baby
Shorty, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Girl, you're my friend when I'm in need, lady

Girl, in spite of my behavior, said I'm your savior
(You must be sent from up above)
And you appear to me so tender, say girl I surrender
(Thanks for giving me your love)

Girl, in spite of my behavior, well, you are my savior
(You must be sent from up above)
And you appear to me so tender, well, girl I surrender
(Said thanks for giving me your love)

Now life is one big party when you're still young
And who's gonna have your back when it's all done
It's all good when you live to have pure fun
Can't be a fool son, what about the long run(yea)
Looking back Shorty always a mention
Say me not giving her much attention(yea)
She was there through my incarceration
I wanna show the nation my appreciation

Girl, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Closer than my peeps you are to me, baby
Shorty, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Girl, you're my friend when I'm in need, lady

Girl, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Closer than my peeps you are to me, baby
Shorty, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Girl, you're my friend when I'm in need, lady

Girl, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Closer than my peeps you are to me, baby
Shorty, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Girl, you're my friend when I'm in need, lady

heaven must be missing an angel cuse you are here withe me
Shooby doo dooby doo boi oi Shooby doo dooby doo boi oi ah ah
heaven must be missing (come on come on)an angel cuse you are here withe me
Shoogy doo doogy doo boi oi Shoogy doo doogy doo boi oi doogy doo
heaven must be missing (so sweet to me) an angel cuse you are here withe me
Shooby doo dooby doo boi oi Shoogy doo dooby doo boi oi ah
heaven must be missing an angel cuse you are here withe me

Girl, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Closer than my peeps you are to me, baby
Shorty, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Girl, you're my friend when I'm in need, lady

Girl, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Closer than my peeps you are to me, baby
Shorty, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Girl, you're my friend when I'm in need, ba--b---yyy
Instrumental
Oh my god...Oh my god !!!! ah ah ah aowww!!!

[Verse One: Method Man]

Microphone checka, swingin sword lecture
closin down the sectar supreme neck protector
Bet I won em kid Mr. Metha warmin pot
about to blow his lid from the pressure, too hot for TV
but cheesy, Too many wanna be hard be easy, is all in together
going all not together it don't take much to please me
Still homes are never satisfy like the stones
we don't condome bitin in the sellin crossbones
protectin what am writin don't clash with the Titan
who blast with a liscence to kill rap presitence
C'mon, in the zone with ya nigga from the Group Home
TICAL!!(Fuck your lifestyle!!) (Blew wind)...put your lights out
got the shit the crackin got you fienin with your pipes out
time for some action, surfin the avenue
mad at you, where I used to battle crews
back when Antoinette had that attitude
Cover me I'm going in, walls closin in
got us bustin off these pistols
my niggas got issues...again, same song
armed with the mega bomb
Blow you out the frame and I'm gone.

[Verse Two: Redman]

I was going to Buck-we-romes, cellular phones
Doc-Meth back in the flesh, blood and bone
don't condone Spent bank loans and homegrown
suckers break like Turbo
in no zone, when I, grab the broom
moon-walk platoon hawk my goons spark
leave you in a blue lagoon lost (true)
three nines and a glove with masu di die in the car
right behind on the boss
Haters don't touch, weigh us both up
now my neighbor doped up
got the cable hooked up. All channels
lift my shirt all Mammal
you ship off keys and we ship Grand Pianos.
sawed off shotgun
hand on the pump, sippin on a forty
smokin on a blunt
bust my gun and Red and Meth gettin jumped
La la la la, la la la laaaaa

yeah c'mon, Red and Meth gettin jumped
La la la la, la la la laaaaaa
We haven't lyrics of this song. Please, add these lyrics for other users. Use "Correct". Thanks to you.
[Tupac]
The money behind the dreams
My right hand, my other Capo in this big motherfuckin war we got
My other Capo in this big ass, conglomerate called Death Row
Snoop motherfuckin Dogg, Tha Doggfather
And who he comin through right now, Makaveli the Don
Feel this, Killuminati

(Toss it up!)
Lord have mercy, father help us all
Since you supllied yo' phone number, I can't help but call
Time for action, conversatin, we relaxin, kickin back
Got you curious for Thug Passion, now picture that
Tongue kissin, hand full of hair, look in my eyes
Time to make the bed rock, baby look how it rise
Me and you movin in the nude, do it in the living room
Sweatin up the sheets, it's the Thug in me
I mean no disrespectin when I tongue kiss your neck
I go a long way to get you wet, what you expect
Late night, hit the highway, drop the top
I pull over, gettin busy in the parking lot
And don't you love it how I lick your, hips and glide
Kiss you soft on your stomach, push my love inside
Got ya lost in a love zone, stuck in the lust
I got the bedroom shakin back-breakin when we're tossin it up

[K-Ci, JoJo]
In this baby, I like the way it's goin down
When all that is around, slip slide ride
Givin me love nice like
Female I like, what I wanna give all night
You and me alone everybody's gone toss it up
Baby let's, get it on!
I like the way you please me, babe
The sexy way you tease me, sugar
The way you move your body
It really drives me crazy
Your body hypnotizing, your smell is so exciting
So baby come on home with me, I like the way you give it to me!

Chorus: K-Ci, JoJo

I like the way you give it to me -- let me see you toss it up
(repeat 4X w/ variations)
Play on, play on, play on, play onnnn!
(repeat 4X w/ variations)

[K-Ci, JoJo]
Ohhh, it's K-Ci baby, mmm that want you lady
Ohhh, don't act so shady, baby your taste as fine as gravy
The way you move that thang, you make me wanna sang
Girl you make my bells rang, make them go ting-a-ling!
Now the man, I'm here again
Don't want it to ever end
It's feeling too good
Gimme some more, oh lady lady
Your body the kind I like-ah
Big booty so I got to keep it locked up
Bag it up yo, let me in there
Toss it up for me!!

Chorus 1/2

[Tupac]
Do you want me what's your phone number, I get around
Cali Love to my true Thugs, picture me now
Still down for that Death Row sound, searchin for paydays
No longer Dre Day, arrivederci
Blown and forgotten, rotten for plottin Child's Play
Check your sexuality, as fruity as this Alize
Quick to jump ship, punk trick, what a dumb move
Cross Death Row, now who you gon' run to?
Lookin for suckers cause you similar
Pretendin to be hard, oh my God, check your temperature
Screamin Compton, but you can't return, you ain't heard
Brothers pissed cause you switched and escaped to the burbs
Mob on to this new era, cause we Untouchable
Still can't believe that you got 'Pac rushin you
Up in you, bless the real, all the rest get killed
Who can you trust, only time reveals -- toss it up!

Chorus w/ variations

[Tupac]
Play on playa, play on
How can some non-players do a song about Compton
and then wanna do a player song?
How can non-players do it? (We not little kids, we not playin)
Tellin lies, who?
Puffy, I read your little interview buddy, c'mon
You still ain't touchin us, all that peace talk
I don't care if you kiss my ass from here to across the street boy
It's on
Toss it up, we took you on, and we took y'all beat
You know we beat you down, and we took y'all beat
Cause you wasn't rockin it right
Tired of suckers rockin it, toss it up, is how we did it
Yeah, toss it up now!
Yeah, gotta say what's up to my nigga Slick Rick
For those who don't like it, eat a dick
But for those who with me, sing that shit
As it go a little something like this

La Di Da Di, we likes to party
We don't cause trouble, we don't bother nobody
We're, just some niggaz who're on the mic
And when we rock up on the mic we rock the mic [right]
For all my Doggs keepin y'all in health
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself
Cuz it's cool when ya cause a cozy conditionin
Which we create, cuz that's our mission
So listen close, to what we say
Because this types of shit happens every-day
I woke up around 10 o'clock in the mornin
I gave myself a strech up, a mornin yawn and
went to the bathroom to wash up
I threw some soap on my face and put my hands up on a cup
and said um "Mirror mirror, on, the wall
Who is the top Dogg of them all?"
There was a rubble dubble, five minutes it lasted
The mirror said, "You are you conceited bastard"
Well that's true, that's why we never have no beef
So I slipped off my khakis and my gold leaf
Used Oil of Olay, cuz my skin gets pale
And then I got the file, for my fingernails
I'm true to the style on my behalf
I put some bubbles in the tub so I can take a bubble bath
Clean, dry, was my body and hair
I threw on my brand new Doggy underwear
for all the bitches I might take home
I got the Johnson baby powder and Cool Water cologne
Now I'm fresh, dressed, like a million bucks
Threw on my white sox, with my all blue chucks
Stepped out the house, stopped short, oh no
I went back in, I forgot my indo
Then I dilly [dally] I ran through an [alley]
I bumped into this smoker named [Sally] from the [Valley]
This was a girl playin hard to get
So I said "What's wrong?" cuz she looked upset
She said um
1-2-
1-2

[Dave Matthews]
A don't stop stop your dreamin
Let yourself float upon the notion
We can work it out, we can work it out baby
Go ahead lose yourself inside this opportunity
That we gonna make it right now, make it right now

[Marc 7even]
Hey
We live and we learn, we crash and we burn
Right now my only rhyme is this lesson I learned
You talk about trust, I talk about lust
It's not appealin as you truly speak your feelings
I'll be lookin at the ceiling, so concealing
I shoulda put my heart on the table
Knowin I was good and able but instead I fed your fables
If I could have you back best believe it'd be forever
Cause each and every day you would hear those four letters

[Chorus]

[Chali 2na]
Hey
These are different times but we feel the same pains
The blood of mankind runnin through the same veins
We'd like to make it right some which it remain tame
Same crimes even though the names changed
And we like different minds workin off the same brain
Passengers on different cars steppin off the same train
In the end, makin it right's the main aim
Different parts of the picture highlight the same frame

[Chorus]

[Akil]
Yo
Now if you know what I know you need to work it out
If you ain't happy with yourself you need to work it out
You havin problems with your family then work it out
The things we go through just to work it out
I work it out when the situation seems unworkable
unreversible but God is most merciful
Many works, Many men converse
With soul searches sweat it out
when they tryin to work it out

[Soup]
With the constant complaint, we either gonna make it fly
Or we aint, I already know what some of ya think
Ima talk a hip hop and how bad its got
Then tryna pull a brother, im not
lookin for nobody to judge, you said you ain't I never thought you was
Im just tryna get with ya and pose in the same picture
So this mic thing can move the right thing and do the right thing
Made for your life gain, plus my man might sing

[Chorus] - 2X
Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh
Here comes the hammer
Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh
Here comes the hammer

Yes this is a mission
that I'm on taking out the weak
on the microphone
cause I'm hype so don't talk
about the hard hitting hammer
when you can't even
walk on the stage after me
and if you do you're a catastrophe
happens just like that
I rock em all from white to black

OH OH OH Punch it

Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh
Here comes the hammer
Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh
Here comes the hammer

Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh Oh-oh oh-oh oh oh

naw no is what I say
when I came to see a show
I look and it's dead dead you know
like a body in the ground
Will your show ever grow
let me know if not the gloves come off
cause you sure ain't hot
it needs work like a car in a wreck
they call me hammer yeah earn my respect

OH OH OH Yeah

Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh
Here comes the hammer
Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh
Here comes the hammer

Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh Oh-oh oh-oh oh oh

Let's make it smooth huh (repeat 4 X)

Punch it

I don't hesitate or wait
before the bell rings I'm out the gate
and rolling out for mine
working so hard for such a long time
in the light, that's here and gone
so pedal to the hammer
while I'm watching the floor
I'm not a king just filling pipe
you dance to the music while I'm on the mic

OH OH OH Here we go

Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh
Here comes the hammer
Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh
Here comes the hammer

Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh Oh-oh oh-oh oh oh

Let's make it smooth huh (repeat 4 X)

Punch it

been to a tomb and I'm rolling
a whole new style but the people are holding on
too I move I groove I rap you people's so plain
just plain your ego's so big
that you miss the whole thing
dang my crib the people wanted more
that's why the hammer's in

OH OH OH Yeah

Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh
Here comes the hammer
Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh
Here comes the hammer

Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh Oh-oh oh-oh oh oh

Let's make it smooth huh (repeat 4 X)

check me out
move it on the floor and get hype
you betta get ready and this is your night
yeah you let em know
the cool the hard the fly *OHHH*
they're in here and it's pumpin'
hammer's gto the speakers
and you know the bass is pumpin'
loud and low it's about that time
so here we go

OH OH OH Punch it

Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh
Here comes the hammer
Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh
Here comes the hammer

Oh-oh oh-oh oh-oh Oh-oh oh-oh oh oh

Let's make it smooth huh (repeat 4 X)

Punch it
[Krayzie] What's happening nigga?
[Dealer] Hell yeah, what's up my nigga?
Ain't nothing just out here grinding, my nigga you know what it is
What's up nigga what you need?
[Krayzie] I need some weed
[Dealer] Aw, man I don't even fuck wit the weed no more
[Krayzie] What?
[Dealer] Aw, hell naw, man I got this new shit
Man this shit called ecstasy man
[Krayzie] Ecstasy, what?
[Dealer] Nigga this the shit, man
Nigga this shit will have you on the level wit ya female and everything, nigga
Look I'ma give you one of these motherfucker's let you try this motherfucking out, man
And I bet you be calling me tomorrow
talking 'bout you want some more of this shit
Man I'm telling you; shit have you on the level
Man you need to put the weed down fuck wit this shit
Boy, I'm telling you boy
[Krayzie] This nigga tripping
[Dealer] This shit will have you on the level
[Krayzie] Straight fuck it. Gimme one of them motherfuckers dere man
[Dealer] Here, take that one and call me in the morning nigga

[Krayzie Bone]
I feel so zigidy zigidy zigidy, 'cause I'm floating in ecstasy. [4x]

[Krayzie Bone]
As you can see I took the pill (took the pill), right to the house
Grab a shot of liquor and pop pop popped it in my mouth
An' I'm thinking to my self that this might be a waste of my time,
'cause what if I don't even get high
Thirty minutes dun came by, I didn't even seem high,
until I stood up and looked at the ceiling for some reason
Now I'm tweaking, then I tried to walk but I was SSLLOOWW
I guess I'm floating in ecstasy (just like the nigga told me)

[Krayzie Bone &amp; Flesh Bone]
I fell so realish realish realish, 'cause we floating in ecstasy. [4x]

[Flesh Bone]
My name come alive (?).
An I'm poking in sumpin oh damn but it ain't no joke
Cut guards and red beans
And for them niggaz that follow me around for my mojo
Feeling so see... 'Cause I'm floating in ecstasy
(Alright) Ahh, my nigga just call up the homie
To hook us up on that liquid G
An if these hoes don't wanna see, they gotta check the spot quickly
I'm feeling way high, but I'm also feeling way low
But damn I'm stuck in between.
Fucking wit broad boys and never get used
Just help, just throw in a few more.
Diablos, nigga Flesh Bone so chill
I'm feeling it hump through my body, feeling hot an exotic
Feeling knocked out, feeling too sexy for my motherfucking self
Gotta find my bitch and fuck her ass to death

[Krayzie Bone &amp; Flesh Bone]
I feel so realish realish realish 'cause we floating in ecstasy. [4x]

[Layzie Bone]
Whose my nigga that told me the level I started to see the devil
Nigga was floating in ecstasy
Shit, I took the pill. Couldn't feel nothing so I'm breaking
But about thirty more minutes later, nigga was on the couch cracking
Arms sweaty, man why in the fuck y'all let me do this?
I'm looking at my homegirl like I wanna, nigga this some new shit
I realized, nigga took one step an started stumbling
An I was trying to call my nigga but he couldn't hear me,
so I guess I'm mumbling
Fall off into sumpin. But I guess I'm on a mission
Telling my niggaz that I love 'em now but it ain't nobody listening
Whistling hanging out the window, need me some indo.
Till I let go like, me silky fine.ine.ine.
Flown the expo, knock, knock, knock at the door.
But nigga was paranoid so I grabbed the gun bucked it at the door
Ooh-wee, shit happens, my family got me faded
But I'm running a secret 'cause... 'cause a nigga can't take it.
Shake it if I can but I'm blending wit the killas
And I wish E was here to feel pillish

[Wish Bone]
I feel so violent violent fucking wit that ecstasy. Come roll wit me.[4x]

[Wish Bone]
I've been smoking weed for a very long time, why should I change?
An plus they say that ecstasy shit fucks up ya brain (brain)
Ah, ah, why should I (I) just to get high, when weed gets me high?
Nigga try this here. They said betta then that there
They say, "Ya like it (ya like it)". So I tried it. (i tried it)
I thought the shit will have a nigga high an horny
I'm high, but I'm to high. Wanna hurt somebody
Nigga you tripping, get a hold of that shit, and ride that high
But I'm tripping, body moves, won't nobody get hurt (hurt)

[Bizzy Bone]
Rolling, rolling, rolling and she ain't even in the car
Layzie won't believe me high off the LSD
What y'all don't know, we riding on the highway
Get the wheel so I can go down on ya, I sever it on my own way
She reaching feeling so zigidy zigidy zigidy
Got these bitches, fucking these bitches
Baby be peeled off, peeling on moving slow
An Bizzy be rock hard, tongue-well and mean slow
We in the club crunk, fucked up, and still rolling
They know my pockets swollen. Hold up show 'em we rolling
We rolling, rolling, rolling and rolling, rolling, rolling

I feel so zigidy zigidy zigidy 'cause we rolling over ecstasy [x2]
We rolling over ecstasy
(We rolling over ecstasy)
We rolling over ecstasy
(We rolling over ecstasy)

Fuck, give me a pill
Oh, shit
Oh, shit
Intro: Lil' Cease
Undeas (uhh... uh-huh)
Lil' Ceaser (uhh... uh-hah, Queen Bee)
Uhh (uh-huh, that's me)
Uhh, check it (Lil' Kim)

Verse One: Lil' Cease
Yo I be buyin em V's, so all my girls be eyein Cease
Comin backstage, dyin to get pleased
You got me, I rock thee, Versace and linen
While you stop your grinnin wit bunch of foxy women
Why you speed ball with cards, that's invalid
I get clothes, custom made, from a stylist
Cruise in my Lexus Land with no mileage
While you walk the street until your feet get calloused
Take you on a natural high, like a pilot
It be all good, toss your clothes like a salad
When it's all over put your vote in my ballot
It's my diner, I'm Mel, and you're Alice
Spend a night, in Lil' Cease palace
It be all good as long as you don't act childish
While you standin there with the Crist' in your cup
If worse come to worse keep this on the hush, uhh

Hook: Notorious B.I.G.
I know you seen me on the video (true)
I know you heard me on the radio (true)
But you still don't pay me no attention
Listenin to what your girlfriends mention
He's a slut, he's a hoe, he's a freak
Got a different girl every day of the week
It's cool, not tryin to put a rush on you
I had to let you know that I got a crush on you

Verse Two: Lil' Kim
Aiyyo shorty, won't you go get a bag of the lethal
I'll be undressed in the bra all see through
While you count your jewels thinkin I'ma cheat you
The only one thing I wanna do is freak you
Keep your stone sets, I got my own baguettes
And I'll be doin things that you won't regret
Lil Kim the Queen Bee, so you best take heed
Shall I proceed? (Yes indeed!)
I'ma throw shade, if I can't get paid
Blow you up to your girl like the Army grenade
You can slide on my ice like the Escapade
And itchy-gitchy-yaya with the marmalade
Who me? Not you, oh yes, who's he?
I even dig yo' man's style, but I love yo' profile
Whisper in your ear and get you all shook up
But don't blush, just keep this on the hush

(Hook)

Verse Three: Lil' Cease
While you tryin to catch Sea Breeze, I'm in the PV's
All chrome D3's, decked out TV's
CD's with crazy bass, keep my lady laced
Don't be fooled by the baby face
I hope ya not, cause your thighs got me hot
Only one plan, that's to rise to the top
I told you before, when I first pursued
I want a interlude, in the nude

(lil kim)
You know I love the way you feel-a, sip my tequil-a
Works from the dealers, all in chinchila
Heat up the clutch, seven-fifty deluxe
Then we speed down the hutch, breakin trees in the dutch
I'm not the one you sleep wit, to eat quick
Want a cheap trick? Betta go down to FreakNik
You got to hit me off, buy this girl gifts of course
So I look slick, in my six, with my Christian LaCroix

Hook (repeat 4X to fade)
Enter in to the spacecraft filling up
That won't touch back again 'til the job is done
Way outta the range of normal
So far where ya are that ya no longer see the sun
It's a journey not of sight but sound
Ready or not your bound
To also embrace the light

And drift on
Let your soul be again reborn
For these songs buckle up it's the ride of your life

Riffin in the octave of the
Infinite provactive
Come get within a rocketship
Dimensions of a positive
Inventions that is monstrous
I'm givin it my all
It's just my sentiments
Took over and as I give in
To the power of just livin
In the now, I put the div-idends
I holler from the spirit
Within all of us
I'm driftin on a cloud up in
You're meant to feel the shower
Follow in, as I devour
Y'all with synonyms and vowels
Ladies and gentlemen
It's our time to dig within a tower
Over ignorance, the final hour's
Here so come and crowd around
And listen up on how I'm stayin driven
By the sound I feel it liftin
Higher how my daily livin
Is the style it's like my children
Seem scattered through the villages
And towns, and when the Gift
Is in the house
I bring the lyrics
That come down from up
Inherent to the sound
From a mysterious, profound
Very indigenous way out
Chief innervision, and
I think I've really truly found religion now

Enter in to the spacecraft filling up
That won't touch back again 'til the job is done
Way outta the range of normal
So far where ya are that ya no longer see the sun
It's a journey not of sight but sound
Ready or not your bound
To also embrace the light

And drift on
Let your soul be again reborn
For these songs buckle up it's the ride of your life

FOURTH DIMENSIONAL ROCKETSHIPS, GOING, UP
My cousin PJ gets crazy just as much as he can
A real party reptile for a northern man
Hes dressed like a republican
He thinks conservative
But he drives faster than I ever did
Hes into nuclear power and insider deals
He has a scene with baby oil and heels
Hes my favorite politician
When he comes on weird
Says Im not fit for this office lets get out of here
My, my, loves his ma and apple pie
Well, well, hes the partys favorite guy
I hope you like it
You know Im going to take good care of you
I hope you like it
I hope next time you bring your friends with you
Hes a drinkin, huntin, shootin, fishin son of a gun
He knows a surgeons gonna keep his wife young
Got industrial kickbacks in an offshore bank
Knows who to stand on and he knows how to thank
I hope you like it
You know Im going to take good care of you
I hope you like it
I hope next time you bring your friends with you
My, my, loves his ma and apple pie
Well, well, hes the partys favorite guy
He likes to come take me for a night with the boys
He talks about the NRA and their toys
Got an automatic rifle in his pick up truck
He drives me home when hes in no state to walk
My, my, loves his ma and apple pie
Well, well, hes the partys favorite guy
I hope you like it
You know Im going to take good care of you
I hope you like it
I hope next time you bring your friends with you
I hope you like it
Love it, like it
I hope you like it
Love it, like it
[Intro - Lil Wayne]
I feel big, ya know what I mean
Like not, not big in the sense of weight
You know what I mean like gaining weight
Or, nothin' like that, like, COLOSSAL
Know what I mean like, uhhh (sigh)
I heard you were lookin' for me?

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]
(Hey Mr. Carter) Hello
(Tell me where have you been?) Eheh, You know
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching)
They've been wondering why?) I know, eheh
(Hey Mr. Carter) Hey, Hello
(Tell me where have you been?) Shit, you know
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching)
They've been wondering why?) Hahaha

[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
Yeah
To you forever, from me to you
I heard somebody say &amp;quot;Church!&amp;quot; I'ma need a suit
I'ma need a Coupe, I won't need a roof
Flyer then Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice
I got the flow, I'm tryna see the roof
Didn't wear a bulletproof, so I got shot and you can see the proof
Blind eyes could look at me and see the truth
Wonder if Stevie do? But I'ma leave it to
God, not me, neither you
Cause I'ma murder, why I kill O and even you
Man, I got Summer hatin' on me cause I'm hotter then the Sun
Got Spring hatin' on me cause I ain't never sprung
Winter hatin' on me cause I'm colder than y'all
And I would never, I would never, I would never fall
I'm being hated by the seasons
So fuck y'all who hatin' for no reason

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]
(Hey Mr. Carter) I am him!
(Tell me where have you been?) Around the world and I'm back again!
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me?
They've been wondering why?) In case ya wonder-erin'! Hah!
(Hey Mr. Carter) I am him!
(Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again!
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me?
They've been wondering why?) In case ya wonder-erin'! Ha

[Verse 2 - Lil Wayne]
Yeah
I been in and out the paint bitch
While y'all asshole niggas been on the same shit
I flush 'em, and watch 'em go down the drain quick
Two words you never hear &amp;quot;Wayne Quit!&amp;quot;
Cause Wayne win, and they lose
I call 'em April babies, cause they fools
And when they snooze, We up!
Feet up like a, Parap-liguck
Or, paraplegic? or parallel park
In that red and yellow thing, old school Atlanta Hawk
Like I'm from Colli' Park, but I'm from Holleygrove
Now all my bloods scream &amp;quot;soowoo! and Dadda-do!&amp;quot;
I know my role, and I play it well
And I wear it well, on my libra scale
I suck a pussy, fuck a pussy leave it there
[Screwed] Long hair, don't even care

[Chorus - Jay-Z]
Young!
(Hey Mr. Carter) I am him!
(Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again!
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me?
They've been wondering why?) In case ya wonder-erin'!
(Hey Mr. Carter) I am him!
(Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again!
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me?
They've been wondering why?) In case ya wonder-erin'!

[Verse 3 - Jay-Z]
Shyea
I'm right here, in my chair
With my crown and my dear
Queen B, as I share
Mic time with my air
Young Carter, go farther
Go further, go harder
Is that not why we came?
And if not, then why bother?
Show no mercy to Marcy, we're loggers
Far from being the bastard that Marcy had fathered
Now my name's been mentioned with the Martyrs
The Biggie's and the Pac's, and the Marley's and the Marcus'
Govi, got me a molitell cocktail
Flow, even if you box well, can't stop the blows
Kaboom! The Roc Boy in the room
The Dopeboy just came off the spoon
Also, I'm so fly I'm on auto-
Pilot, where guys just, stare at my wardrobe
I see Euros, that's right, pluriel
I took so much change from this Rap game it's your go
Young!

(Hey Mr. Carter)

[Verse 4 - Lil Wayne]
It's my go, yeah
And I'ma go so opposite of soft
Off the richter, heckter
The Macho Man Randy Savage, far from average
Above Satus-Quo
Flow, so, pro
I know, I ride slow and when I pass
They say &amp;quot;Whaddup killa man?&amp;quot; Stop bringing up my past
And next time you mention Pac, Biggie, or Jay-Z
Don't forget Weezy Baby!

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]
(Hey Mr. Carter) Amen
(Tell me where have you been?) Yeah
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching)
They've been wondering why?) Haha
(Hey Mr. Carter) Amen
(Tell me where have you been?) Hova!
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Weezy
They've been wondering why?) Baby!
(Choir - Fade to finish)
(Hey Mr. Carter) Hahaha
(Tell me where have you been?) I been hustlin'
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Hustlin' hard
They've been wondering why?) Chyeaa

[Lil Wayne]
And I swear to everything, when I leave this earth
It's gon' be on both feet, never knees in this dirt
And you can try me fucker, but when I squeeze it hurt
Ahh, we'll lose two lives, yours and mine
Gimme any amount of time, don't let Miss Carter grieve
At the Funeral Parlor, drippin' tears down my sleeve
Gimme any amount of time, don't let Miss Carter grieve...
Greetings... This is the Secretary at the State Department of the United States... We have a problem. The companies want something done about this sluggish world economic situation... Profits have been running a little thin lately and we need to stimulate some growth... Now we know there's an alarming high number of young people roaming around in your country with nothing to do but stir up trouble for the police and damage private property. It doesn't look like they'll ever get a job... It's about time we did something constructive with these people... We've got thousands of 'em here too. They're crawling all over... The companies think it's time we all sit down, have a serious get-together - and start another war... The president? He loves the idea! All those missiles streaming overhead to and fro... Napalm... People running down the road, skin on fire... The Soviets seem up for it... The Kremlin's been itching for the real thing for years. Hell, Afghanistan's no fun... So whadya say?... We don't even have to win this war. We just want to cut down on some of this excess population... Now look. Just start up a draft; draft as many of those people as you can. We'll call up every last youngster we can get our hands on, hand 'em some speed, give 'em an hour or two to learn how to use an automatic riffle and send 'em on their way... Libya? El Salvador? How 'bout Northern Ireland? Or a 'moderately repressive regime' in South America? We'll just cook up a good Soviet threat story in the Middle East - we need that oil... We had Libya all ready to go and Colonel Khadafy's hit squad didn't even show up. I tell ya... that man is unreliable. The Kremlin had their fingers on the button just like we did for that one... Now just think for a minute - we can make this war so big - so BIG... The more people we kill in this war, the more the economy will prosper... We can get rid of practically everybody on your dole queues if we plan this right. Take every loafer on welfare right off our computer rolls... Now don't worry about those demonstrators - just pump up your drug supply. So many people have hooked themselves on heroin and amphetamines since we took over, it's just like Vietnam. We had everybody so busy with LSD they never got too strong. Kept the war functioning just fine... It's easy. We've got our college kids so interested in beer they don't even care if we start manufacturing germ bombs again. Put a nuclear stockpile in their back yard, they wouldn't even know what it looked like... So how 'bout it? Look - war is money. The arms manufacturers tell me unless we get our bomb factories up to full production the whole economy is going to collapse... The Soviets are in the same boat. We all agree the time has come for the big one, so whadya say?!?... That's excellent. We knew you'd agree... the companies will be very pleased.
Intro: Puff Daddy

As we proceed
to give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
get live motherfuckers -- 2X

As we proceed
to give you what you need
East coast motherfuckers
Bad Boy motherfuckers

BIG - Now turn the mics up
Turn that mic up, yea that beat is knockin
to that microphone
Turn that shit the fuck up
Uh, what?
Turn it up louder
Yea, uh

As we proceed, to give you
what you need
J.M. motherfuckers
J.M. motherfuckers
9 to 5 motherfuckers

Verse One:

Who shot ya?
Seperate the weak from the ob-solete
Hard to creep them Brooklyn streets
It's on nigga, fuck all that bickering beef
I can hear sweat trickling down your cheek
Your heartbeat soun like Sasquatch feet
Thundering, shaking the concrete
Finish it, stop, when I foil the plot
Neighbors call the cops said they heard mad shots
Saw me in the drop, three in the corner

Slaughter, electrical tape around your daughter
Old school new school need to learn though
I burn baby burn like Disco Inferno
Burn slow like blunts with ya-yo
Peel more skins than Idaho potato
Niggaz know, the lyrical molestin is takin place
Fuckin with B.I.G. it ain't safe
I make your skin chafe, rashes on the masses
Bumps and bruises, blunts and Landcruisers
Big Poppa smash fools, bash fools
Niggaz mad because I know that Cash Rules
Everything Around Me, two glock nines
Any motherfucker whispering about mines
And I'm, Crooklyn's finest
You rewind this, Bad Boy's behind this

Interlude:

As we proceed
to give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
get live motherfuckers

As we proceed
to give you what you need
East coast motherfuckers
Bad Boy motherfuckers

Get high motherfuckers
Get high motherfuckers
Smoke blunts motherfuckers
Get high motherfuckers
Ready to die motherfuckers
9 to 5 motherfuckers

Verse Two:

I seen the light excite all the freaks
Stack mad chips, spread love with my peeps
Niggaz wanna creep, got ta watch my back
Think the Cognac and indo sack make me slack?
I switches all that, cock-sucker G's up
One false move, get swiss cheesed up
Clip to Tec, respect I demand it
Slip and break the, 11th Commandment
Thou shalt not fuck with raw C-Poppa
Feel a thosand deaths when I drop ya
I feel for you, like Chaka Khan I'm the don
Pussy when I want Rolex on the arm
You'll die slow but calm
Recognize my face, so there won't be no mistake
So you know where to tell Jake, lame nigga
Brave nigga, turned front page nigga
Puff Daddy flips daily
I smoke the blunts he sips on the Bailey's
on the rocks, tote glocks at christenings
And my cock, in the fire position and...

(Get live motherfuckers
Ready to Die motherfuckers)

C'mere, c'mere [it ain't gotta be like that Big]
open your fucking mouth, open your... didn't I tell you
don't fuck with me? [*muffled* c'mon man] Huh?
Didn't I tell you not to fuck with me?
(as we proceed) [c'mon man] Look at you now
(to give you what you need) Huh? [c'mon man]
(9 to 5 motherfuckers) Can't talk with a gun in your mouth huh?
(get live motherfuckers) Bitch-ass nigga, what?
(get live motherfuckers) [*muffled sounds, six gun shots*]
(as we proceed...) Who shot ya?

Outro: Puff Daddy

...to give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
Get live motherfuckers

(Who shot ya?)

Get high motherfuckers
Ready to Die motherfuckers
Hah!!
As we proceed...

(Who shot ya?)

...to give you what you need
9 to 5 motherfuckers
East coast motherfuckers

(Who shot ya?)

West coast motherfuckers...
West coast motherfuckers... hah!
As we proceed, to give you what you need
As we proceed
to give you what you need
Get live motherfuckers
9 to 5 motherfuckers
Get money motherfuckers

As we proceed
to give you what you need
Get live motherfuckers
9 to 5 motherfuckers
J.M. motherfuckers
J.M. motherfuckers
As we proceeeeeeed
To give you what you need...
9 to 5...
To my unborn child
To my unborn, child
In case I don't make it
Just remember daddy loves you
I did everything I could to make things good for you
So don't worry about it
To my unborn
You know daddy loves you

[Verse 1]
Now ever since my birth, I been cursed since I was born to wile
In case I never get to holler at my unborn child
Many things learned in prison
Blessed to be still living
Trying to earn every penny that I'm gettin'
Reminiscin' to the beginning of my mission
When I was conceived and became to be in this position
My mama was a panther, loud
Single parent but she growled
When she witnessed baby boy ripping wild
I went to school but I dropped out
And left the house cause my momma says I'm good for nothing
So I'm out, since I only got one life to live
God forgive me for my sins
Let me make it and I'll never steal again
Or deal again
My only friend is my misery
Wanting revenge for the agony they did to me
See my life ain't promised but it sure get better
Hope you understand my love letter
To my unborn child

[Chorus]
I'm writing you a letter
(To my unborn)
This is for my unborn child
(To my unborn child)
Wanna let you know I love you
Love you
Wanna let you know I feel this way
(To my unborn)
I think about you every day
(To my unborn child)
I have so much to say

[Verse 2]
So complicated to escape fate
And you can never understand till we trade places
Tell the world I been guilty to being anxious
Ain't no way in hell, that I could ever be a rapist
It's time to face this, cold world on a good day
When will they let the little kids in the hood play?
I got shot 5 times but I'm still breathing
Living proof there's a God if you need a reason
God believe in my own fate
Will I raise my kids in the right or the wrong way
Dear mama I'm a man now
I wanna make it on my own not a hand out
Make way for a whirlwind prophesized
I wanna go in peace
When I gotta die
On these cold streets
Ain't no love, no mercy and no friends
In case you never see my face again
To my unborn child

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Dear Lord can you hear me?
Tell me what to say to my unborn seed
In case I pass away will my child get to feel loved
Or are we all just cursed to be street thugs
Cause being black hurts
And even worse if you speak first
Live my life as an outlaw
What could be worse
Cause maybe if I tried to change
Who am I kidding?
I'm a thug till I die
I'm a ride
maintain, touch base
eat lunch
in plush places
regular criminal oasis awaits us
If there's a heaven for true thugs
I'll see you there
And I'm sorry for not being there
Just know, your daddy was a souljah
Me against the world
Bless the boys and all my little girls
To the Lord I'm eternal
Resting in peace
Please take care of all my seeds
And my unborn child

[Chorus]

[Tupac talking]
Please take care of all my kids
And my unborn child
To my unborn child
This letter goes out to my seeds that I might not get to see
Cause of this lifestyle
Just know your daddy loved you
Got nothing but love for you
And all I wanted was for you to have a better life than I
Cause I was out there on a 24 hour 365 grind
When you get to be my age you'll understand
Just know I got love for you
And I'll see you if there's a ghetto in heaven
If there's a ghetto heaven I'll be there waiting for you
Heh heh
Take care
Run wild, but be smart
Follow the rules of the game
I know sometimes there's confusion
Rules of the game is gonna get you through it, all day every day
Watch out for these snakes and fakes
Snakes come a dime a dozen
Work hard
Study
Get your mind right
Revolution in their minds
The children start to march
Against the world in which they have to live
And the hate that's in their hearts
They're tired of being pushed around and told just what to do
They'll fight the world until they've won and love comes flowing through

Children of tomorrow live in the tears that fall today
Will the sun rise up tomorrow bringing peace in any way?
Must they live in the shadow of atomic fear?
Can they win the fight for peace or will they disappear? Yeah!

So you children of the world listen to what I say
If you want a better place to live in spread the word today
Show the world that love is still alive you must be brave
Or you children of today are children of the grave yeah!
Yea, yea.. uh-uh!
Mm-mmm!
Get money, get money!
(Get, get money, get money)
(Get, get money, get money) Uh-uh!
(Get) GET MONEY, GET MONEY (get that money)
(Get) GET MONEY, GET MONEY
Yeah, GET MONEY, GET MONEY .. &amp;quot;Listen to the first verse&amp;quot;

&amp;quot;Watch out now!&amp;quot;

[Psycho Les]
Aiyyo my song's on, I gotta get my grub on some to-to
(I love to-to) Order three buckets of Mo'-Mo'
We gettin more dough, off the books (you gettin gelly)
Pullin more hoes off the looks (you gettin gelly)
You wan' hate me? Cause your wifey, wants a autograph?
From the look in her eyes, I can see she wants more than that
When I see fat asses I make fat passes like quarterback
Beatnuts is ALLA THAT, your shit, ALL THE WACK
Open can-dela, if you foolin wit mah cheddah
Hardrock, ever since, junior high suela
Fly fella, takin my beats, to make your crowd get up
I'm fed up, niggaz wanna bring it -- WHATEVER!
I'ma storm your pa-rade (pa-rade) blow your legs off
with a gre-nade, now you flappin, like a mermaid
Yappin off, bitch you cough at the lips
while I'm at the bar, baggin, the bartender tips
Then I bag this chick, with a, &amp;quot;Hi,&amp;quot; and the eye
She did the butterfly, rubbin her ass, against my buttonfly
I could ALREADY imagine my shit stuck inside
Everytime I strike, haters be like, &amp;quot;Dat fucking guy!&amp;quot;

Chorus: Beatnuts + Yellaklaw

How's that yo? It's hard for you to swallow
It don't take much for us to let the metal holla
Lead's bustin out of a old black Impala
Thug nigga only fuck wit, muchacha mala
Big Ju, dimelo coo, how we do?, how we do? (How we do)
(How the girl don't only love me, they love you!)
Whatchu gonna do? (What, what, what?)
Nigga whatchu gonna do? (What, yo)

[JuJu]
Here's to my pollyin niggaz who campaign
To the killers who be lovin the chicas and champagne
Thugs who get wild in the club and snatch chains
Players who be pimpin the hoes with no brains
Front watch a nigga get shot from close range
The most range, crazy motherfucker won't change
Beatnuts, forever diehard, you want pain?
Cause you walkin outta here breathin is insane
Flip a beat fast, you leave the club with a heat rash
You got a weak stash, came in the club with a free pass
I ain't even know they made a Roley for your cheap ass
Makin me laugh, you was in jail wearin kneepads
Now the beef has, gotten over your head
It's over you dead, Ranger Rover, both of your legs
til both of us said, platinum gettin took this year
Cause for real, there ain't nothin but crooks in here, nigga

Chorus -&amp;gt; Beatnuts last line &amp;quot;Whatcha gon' do when Beatnuts come through baby!&amp;quot;

[Beatnuts]
(Get money, get money) Psycho Les
(Get money, get money) Big Ju
(Get money, get money) Beatnuts
(Get money, get money)
(Get money, get money)
(Get money, get money) Throw your hands up, throw your hands up
(Get money, get money) Throw your hands up, throw your hands up..
Intro

Yeah! Word is bond!
Das EFX in this yaknowhatI'msayin
Straight from the sewer, word is bond!
Yeah! Yah! Ah - yeah! We doin this with my nigga
Where my nigga? Ice Cube in the motherfucker
Word is bond! (Yeah!)

Verse

You better check yo self before you wreck yo self
Cos I'm bad for your health, I come real stealth
Droppin bombs on ya moms, fuck car alarms
Doin foul crime, I'm that nigga wit'cha Alpine
Sold it for a six - o, always let tricks know
And friends know, we got the indo
No I'm not a sucker, sittin in a House of Pain
And no I'm not the butler, I'll cut ya (Uh!)
Headbutt ya, you say you can't touch this
And I wouldn't touch ya, punk mothafucka
Here to let you know boy, oh boy
I make dough but don't call me DoughBoy
This ain't no fuckin motion picture
A guy or bitch - a, I'll get wit'cha
And hit ya, takin that yack to the neck
So you better run a check

Chorus

{Das} So come on and chickity - check yo self before you wreck yo self
Chickity - check yo self before you wreck yo self
Yeah, come on and check yo self before you wreck yo self
{Ice} Cause shotgun bullets are bad for your health

Mic - mic - microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
{2X}

Verse

Tricks wanna step to Cube and then they get played
Cause they bitchmade pullin out a switchblade
That's kinda trifle, caise that's a knife - o
AK - 47, assault rifle
Hold the fifty, I'm nifty, pow
I gotta new style, "WATCH OUT NOW!"
I hate motherfuckers claimin that they foldin bank
But steady talkin shit in the holding tank
First you wanna step to me
Now your ass screamin for the deputy
They send you to Charlie - Baker - Denver row
Now they runnin up in ya slow
You're gone, used to be the Don Juan (Check that shit out!)
Now your name is just Twan
Switch it, snap it, rollin your eyes and neck
You better run a check

Chorus

{Das} So chickity - check yo self before you wreck yo self
Come on and check yo self before you wrickity - wreck yo self
So chickity - check yo self before you wreck yo self
{Ice} Cause big dicks up yo ass is bad for yo health

Verse

If you're foul, you better run a make on that license plate
You coulda had a V8
Instead of a tre - eight slug to the cranium (POOOOOW!)
I got six and I'm aimin em
Will I shoot or keep you guessin
Cause fuck you and that shit ya stressin
Bitch, get off the wood, you're no good
There goes the neighbourhood hooker (Slut!)
Go ahead and keep your drawers
Givin up the claps and who needs applause
At a time like this, pop the coochie and ya dead
The bitch is a Miami Hurricane hit
Sprung, niggaz call her 'Lips and Lungs'
Nappy dugout, get the fuck out
Cause women like you gets no respect
Bitch, you better run a check

Chorus

{Das} So chickity - check yo self before you wreck yo self
So chickity - check yo self before you wreck yo self
Come on and check yo self before you wrickity - wreck yo self
{Ice} Cause bitches like you is bad for my health
Alone in a room
Needless I sit
I close my eyes
And try to forget

Death is calling
Get in line

Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming

Forming death
Forming death
Forming death
Forming death

Hear it calling

Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming

Forming death
Forming death
Forming death
Forming death

Hear it calling
Get in line

Alone in a room
Needless I sit
I close my eyes
And try to forget

Death is calling
get in line

Death is calling
Get in line

Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming

Forming death
Forming death
Forming death
Forming death

Hear it calling

Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming
Death is forming

Forming death
Forming death
Forming death
Forming death

Death is calling
Get in line
Hey yo, what's up man? Hey, yo you been here all day man
Ya'll been here every weekend man,
I don't ever get a chance to rap first man!
That's cause you whack!
What?!? I ain't whack nigga, I got some raps for all ya'll
Nigga my raps fresh, I'ma bust my raps first,
you can bust yours after me if you want to
No no man, I'm going first,
I'm getting tired of everybody wanted to go first man
You always rap first,
I'm rapping I don't care what none of ya'll say,
I'm fresh, I'm fresh

Thyme:
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
I said who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know

Verse 1: Eminem
I'll have you taken back to Christ when you sacrifice
The way you acting slice when I tear your back with knifes
Jacking life's of MC's, now I'm set to launch a plan
For blowing up the stage with illegal contraband
A stomped your man so unless you want what he got
You better set the mic down, I'm steaming like a teapot
I'll make the tea hot, people get in my face and ask
If I wanna battle, then I chase them in a Jason mask
It's an amazing task to battle with success
I never gave a fuck, now I give a fuck less
And in a slug fest I get physical like physicians
Invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions
Wicked wizardry, like a sorcerer and no remorse for you
When I torture you throughout the course of my orchestra
So feel the force of my spiritual images
Slicing up an enemy's appendages till he hemorrhages
My skin itches every time a rapper recites
And when he's through with his verse, I'm all covered in flea bites
You wanna see fights I got a match for you
You couldn't flip shit playing in toilets with a spatula

Chorus: Thyme
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know

Verse 2: Eminem
You bitches get a hysterectomy disrespecting me
You wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a tech to me
Intellectually superior, I'll make the whack wearier
Inferior, deterior rate, like bacteria
Materially, killing serially, clearly you'll see
How much in fear when u hear me you'll be
Shiver and shake, quiver and quake
Bite a rhyme and rip it off then stiffer and ache, whither and break
You slithering snake, gibbering fake, fibbering flake
I'll twist you into a different shape
And toss you in Michigan Lake, for fisherman sake
If this is a dream you'd wish you can wake
Every dis you can take, personal
We ain't friends trying to make amends
If you ain't ever stole a gate you can take a fence
I make intense masterpieces and smash to pieces
Your last releases, you bad diseases, that's the reason
I'm showing you the proper way to operate a mic
So pass it like a hot potato
I've never been less than clever and fresh
Severing flesh of fools who never impressed I can confess

Chorus: Thyme
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out man I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic man and said that you can flow?
Point him out bitch I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and then said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Whhhooo the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out!! I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(scratched in) I wanna know, I wanna know
Ayo let me get that mic man'
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Who the fuck passed you the mic, who the fuck passed you the mic!!
I got the rhymes bitch, I'll kick that shit
''[This song is an instrumental]''
(talking)
Uh huh, uh huh, uh huh
Southside, what y'all niggas know about the dirty south?
One time

(Chorus)
Lord forgive me, for I've sinned
Over and over again, just to stay on top
I recall memories, filled with sin
Over and over again, and again

Yo, when you hear talk of the southside, you hear talk of the team
See niggas feared Prince and respected Preme
For all you slow muthafuckas I'm a break it down iller
See Preme was a business man and Prince was the killer
Remember, he used to push the bulletproof BM, uh huh
This here get ya seasick, I sat back and peeped shit
The roll with Easy Rider and they ain't get blunted
Had the whole projects workin for fifty on five-hundred
As a youth, all I ever did was sell crack
I used to idolize cat
Heart me in my heart to hear that nigga snitched on Pat, how he go out like
that?
Rumors in the hood was ?? was snitchin
I ain't believe that, pa, he helped me cop my first GSX-R
Had the four-runner, the Z, the 5 and the 3
Used to drive his truck through the hood draggin jet skis
From Gerald Wallace to Baby Wise, don't be suprised
Of how freely I thought of names of games who dealt with pies
Like L-A-N-Y's, L got shot in the neck, then told us connect
Them niggas who shot 'em got 'em for ten bricks
Fuckin Dominicans, turned around and gave 'em more bricks

(Chorus)

That first verse is just a dose of the shit that I'm on
Consider this the first chapter in the ghetto's Quran
I know a lot of niggas that get dough like Remmy and Joe
And Prince and Rightous from Hillside with the mole on his nose
Throughout my struggles through the hood, I started learnin
Life's a bitch, with a pretty face, but she burnin
Man I'm a get cheese like Chaz then run through wips like Cigar
Gamble all the time like country-curly head Prince and Tata
Po-po under pressure too, they know what they facin
Go against crews like B-Bo and killers like Patty Mason
A lotta niggas I know been corrupted since birth
Enticed to rob nuns for fun, for everything they worth
I know some cats that hail at old complexes like Cooley Wall
Together niggas stand and divided they fall
Round here, shook niggas they keep it in motion
Come around here with your rollie you can get robbed like Ocean
Lord knows, Tommy had loved and sold
Helicopters, Rolls Royces with Louie VaTonne interior
Might sound like I'm fantasizin, but son I'm dead serious
Montanna was no dummy, brought Benice to watch the money
Had money out the ass, he politic like the Asian
FEDs couldn't catch him dirty so settled for tax evasion

(Chorus)

Yo, rest in peace to Rich and Ron, money what they was about yo
The twins was some queens but got crazy cream with Alpo
Throughout my time I heard tales of Himey, Frenchy, Jamaican Pauly, Ducky
Cally
Rodney Bump and Chick, shit
A lot a niggas flow the way I flow
but ain't been in the game all their life so don't know who I know
Writin rhymes is the best way I express how I feel
If I ain't rich by twenty-six, I'll be dead or in jail
Comin up I heard sippin to much booze'll leave you confused
And if you watch the news you see playas in this game that lose
I'm forgettin Lefty and Jazz, Pretty Tony and Lance
Head Lou, Mel son, Troy and E Money Bags
And a conversation over shrimp and lobster
And Benny Hiners heard Chico stopped boxin, and started robbin diners
Shout out to Clanvis and Clutch, Bob Dre, Black Will
If the flow don't kill you the Mac will

(Chorus)
One for the money,
Two for the bass,
Three to get ya goin',
Cause Da Brat's in da place.

It's me, the O.G. funk bandit, whose that?,
Da B to da R-A-T and in fact,
If you ain't heard of me,
Take a seat, lay back and listen,
As I bust for your ass on this funkdafied mission,
Just kick off your shoes and relax your feet, thats right,
Party on down wit' Da Brat and her beat,
Now it goes like that and thats how it goes,
I'm gonna give it to all you negroes and hoes,
So listen up, make sure you listen up well,
And don't miss this sh~t cause this b~tch be bad as hell,
Truth of the matter is I splatta kids that talk sh~t,
In a gangsta's way that's how them fool's get dealt wit',
So want you wanna do b~tch, don't even trip,
Step up, step up, and I'm gonna bust your lip,
Now I know, that you know, that I know you don't want me to,
But keep on trippin' and I'm gonna give it to you, ya b~tch.

(chrous)
Brat is the fantastic, romantic, single-handed bandit, and damnit,
Don't get no betta', betta' it don't get no moe',
Than the flow that I flow for you negroes and hoes,
Devastating, captivating, elevating, as I,
Smooth operating and I love to get high,
Well nigga fire it up, say what? Nigga fire it up,
At your request I guess it's time for me to get f~cked up,
It goes one puff, two puff, three puff, four,
From the bottom to the top, top to bottom I go,
So now you know what I ain't and what I is,
It's the baddest new b~tch in this Hip-Hop biz,
O.G. is what I am,
A Brat is what I be,
Blunts are what I smoke,
And you can't see me,
So let it go, cause my sh~t is tight,
Take it how I give it and enjoy the ride.

Yeah, its like, its like that,
For da nine f~ckin' four, it's Da Brat and you don't know,
You betta ask some muthaf~ckin' body, lodi-dodi, I came to party,
B~tch!



Da Brat &amp;amp; Jermaine Dupri
Hey JD come and sing this duo with me boy, right here!
Word up hey, word up hey, word up hey, for real tho',
Sh~t, word up hey, word up hey, word up hey, for real yo
Welcome to the ghetto

(Verse 1)
Livin day by day in my hood on the spot
See the same old things:same dope fiends cops
Just an average day in the streets of California
5-0 find a young girl dead around the corner
Mommies on her knees she had tears in her eyes
And nobody knew why the young girl had to die
People look ashamed it's been life this fo years
Bloody sheets on her body face wet from her mama's tears
She couldn'ta been over 4-5
And if mommy wasn't based she would still be alive
But now the street is a place you could be swallowed by death
Brothas takin each other's lives
And goin to REST IN PEACE
I wonder if heaven got a ghetto
My cousin died last year
And I still can't let go
I walk the streets of my city of my neighborhood
Seein dope fiends livin off can goods
15 niggaz on the corner
And niggaz die young in California
5-0 'll get a dope case and flaunt it
Have your ass on &amp;amp;quot;America's Most Wanted&amp;amp;quot;
But I don't slang or either gang-bang
And though my old school homies do the same thang
I still got love cause you gotta live
So you can give
And raise a family G
But you gotta do your best slangin D-O-P-E
So keep a grip on yourself and stay mellow
And welcome to the ghetto
(welcome hard up with it to my life) ??

(chorus) 4x
Welcome to the ghetto
(welcome hard up with it to my life)

(Verse 2)
From across the seas comes cocaine
But you never seen a black man fly the plane
Look at the news:a young black death
Was it drug related,take a guess
I flash when I look in the mirror black
Cause my reflection is a 9 millimeter Gat
I think about genocide
And have thoughts of my homies who died
Everybody backstabbin
But I ain't the one to talk I'm into gafflin
Death gives a shit about your color
But yet I see mo dead young brothas
I'm goin crazy out here
Seein 24 brothas die by the end of the year
And I still gotta deal with the 5-0
And I stopped sellin dope in 9-0
But if I came to it
I probably still do it
Put a Nine in my draws get straight to it
I hope that I never see the day
That I get 20 years for a cake
B-K-A as a key
So open up the door for the mo money
But I ain't gotta do that G
Cause I'm down with the F-A to the C to the U to the L-T-Y
G-nut X-tra Large and S-P-I-C-E make niggas feel like jello
And welcome to the ghetto
(Welcome hard up with it to my life)

(chorus) 4x

Welcome to the ghetto 7x
(RING, RING)

(Hello? Aw shit, nigga. What the fuck time is it, man?
Oh god damn. Nigga do you know what time it is?
Aw shit, what the fuck's goin' on? You alright?
Aw, nigga what the fuck is wrong wit you?)

When I die, fuck it I wanna go to hell
Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell
It don't make sense, goin' to heaven wit the goodie-goodies
Dressed in white, I like black Tims and black hoodies
God will probably have me on some real strict shit
No sleepin' all day, no gettin my dick licked
Hangin' with the goodie-goodies loungin' in paradise
Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice
All my life I been considered as the worst
Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse
Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
I know my mother wished she got a fuckin' abortion
She don't even love me like she did when I was younger
Suckin' on her chest just to stop my fuckin' hunger
I wonder if I died, would tears come to her eyes?
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies
My babies' mothers 8 months, her little sister's 2
Who's to blame for both of them (naw nigga, not you)
I swear to God I just want to slit my wrists and end this bullshit
Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit
And squeeze, until the bed's, completely red
I'm glad I'm dead, a worthless fuckin' buddah head
The stress is buildin' up, I can't,
I can't believe suicide's on my fuckin' mind
I want to leave, I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me
Naw you wouldn't understand (nigga, talk to me please)
You see its kinda like the crack did to Pookie, in New Jack
Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back
Should I die on the train track, like Remo in Beatstreet
People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me
My baby momma kissed me but she glad I'm gone
She knew me and her sista had somethin' goin' on
I reach my peak, I can't speak,
call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak.
I'm sick of niggas lyin', I'm sick of bitches hawkin',
matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin'.
(BANG)
(hey yo big...hey yo big)
This is David Nevermind
And today's controversy is coming from yet another member
(Aiyyo tell 'em that we not gon' be playin)
or should I say members of the hip-hop community:
(I'll blaze 'em niggaz)
Petey Pablo - a new artist signed under Jive
(Aiyyo look at my homeboys)
and has teamed up with Timbaland, outta V.A.
(We gonna blow this up)
In a quest to redeem his title
And bring, North Carolina, and Virginia, to the front of the line
(Yeah, we gon' do it)
We're gonna stand by

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
This one's for North Carolina! C'mon and raise up
Take your shirt off, twist it 'round yo' head
Spin it like a helicopter
North Carolina! C'mon and raise up
This one's for you, uh-huh, this one's for who?
Us, us, us; yes sir!

[Petey Pablo]
Who am I? Petey Pab motherfucker!
First to put it down for North Carolina
But guess what (what?), it's been worth it
I'ma superstar, bought me a big ol' car
Four point six (see the car!)
Black fifty-four from the front to back
and got a button in the middle, make the trunk go eh-eh
But it ain't 'bout that
It's about gettin whatchu gettin and drivin all back here
Big fellas (six fellas)
Half of me and Carolina niggaz, I'm tired of y'all
Polk, Bladen, Marshall, Hoke, Greene County, Timbaland, damn
Transfer, Sandy Ridge, Browns over here (greens over here)
Pasqoutank, down on the, Odom East (lemme think)
Johnson County, Franklin, Burgaw, Newport, Warren, Shelby, Kenansville
(Man Catawba) Tarboro, Triangle, Goldsboro, Halifax, Stateville
And all my niggaz doin life behind the wall
This right here, right here, right here's for

[Chorus]

[Petey Pablo overlapping Chorus]
Uhh, uh-huh, uh-huh, beat it, beat it
You remember them day y'all, we used to play y'all
The radio and put our own lil part in the song y'all
We used to (Rep our city, rep our city!)
Runnin through the school halls
just before our basketball pep-rally jumped yall (round!)
My house, my home, my hood (round!)
My brother, my sister, my cous' (round!)
My niggaz that was there from the beginin
been wit me even 'fore they knew what bein with me was
Y'all niggaz just glanced at it, now I gotcha starin at it
Wouldn't been the same ol' North Carolina, it's been then
Y'all niggaz just gettin it, oh it's a shame isn't it?
Oh you thought we said we were comin wit a whole other
we were bullshhh! (ahh!)

[Chorus]

[Petey Pablo]
Man I had to do it
just incase you were one of the ones who wanted to come
and ask somethin stupid
(What you think you doin?) What it look like?
Puttin it down for my niggaz in the south side
North Carolina, South Carolina
And all my little bitty open little cape towns
We gonna hit y'all asses, ain't nothin but a T.D. blast
that we got comin atcha, (beat) slammin, (first) classic
(Go for this) What's after platinum?
(Baby you don't want the bomb) And I don't meant to scare ya
but I'm about to bring it home
Blow these fellas, these hills, these things and N.C. out the water
How's it feel to lose to motherfucker that be real
Now tell 'em - "I told ya!"

[Chorus]

[David Nevermind]
Uhh, af-after seeing this
I, I have no other questions, I, I mean I
Hey look, this is David Nevermind
I'm signing off, but before I'm outta here
Remember, if I ever talked anything about the Polk guys, nevermind
North Carolina and V.A. are definitely at the front of the line
You have my vote of support, over and out
Bizzy

Shiiiit!


Layzie

Nigga, it's the nigga's night out tonight, nigga


Wish

Awwooooooo!


Krayzie
Keep hittin' that reefer, sendin' me straight to Heaven. [*4]
Keep rollin', smokin', stay chokin'.


All

Buddah lova.
Gotta learn to smoke the buddah.


Bizzy
I'm so glad you showed me, Krayzie, Layzie, Wish, Flesh.


Krayzie
Reefer really makes me happy.


Krayzie &amp;amp;amp; Layzie [Layzie]
Hydro, [me just can't let-a-me] high go. [Me smokin' upon that] hydro.
Me just can't let-a-me high go.

[Smoke] Smoke smokin' that hydro, [won't] won't let-a-me high go. [*4]


Krayzie, Layzie, Wish, Flesh
Water the reefer, me slaughter, straight to Ziwiski to get me a sack, (a bag) a sack, a sack, a sack.
It grew in the water, the reefer, me slaughter, straight to Ziwiski to get me a sack, a sack, a sack, a sack, a sack


Krayzie [Layzie]

It grew in the water [Straight to Ziwiski to get me a sack, a sack, sack, a sack.] [*4]


Layzie [ with Krayzie]
I'm takin' a hit of the bud, gotta give love to my thugs. Smokin, not chokin', now what?
[I'm fucked up. That hydro really got me buzzed, me buzzed]


Krayzie [Layzie, Bizzy, Wish, &amp;amp;amp; Flesh]
Keep rollin'. [Rollin' swollen', stay chokin'.] [*2]

Keep rollin'. [Rollin' swollen', and chokin'.] [*6]


All [Bizzy] {Krayzie}

Nothin' but the Bone in me. [Me puttin' me casing up into me trunk, box of blunts, come get drunk.] It's nothin' but the Bone in me. [Me puttin' me casing up into me trunk, sack of skunk, come get drunk.]
{It's sneakin' upon me.}



All

Wiiiiiiine!


Bizzy [Layzie]
Follow me down the nine-nine, and you will find all of me kind every time.
[Double your crime, double your crime.]
When a me roll on the nine-nine, you'll find a stream of bullets and un--load.
[with-a-me right way down your]


All
Buddah.


Bizzy [Flesh]
Choke up, went up into ya, smoke jump outta me buddah. [Hittin' that hydro, lettin' me school ya.] Oh, that buddah in your lungs, can't let that buddah fool ya.


All
It's nothin' but the Bone in me. Heeeeeey, hey!

It's nothin' but the Bone in me. Heeeeeey.


Keep hittin' that reefer sendin' me straight to Heaven. [*4]


Bizzy
If ya got a bag of tweed, well blaze it with me, fool.


Krayzie
Thuggin' with me trues, swiggin' on brews, steady be losin' me balance.


Layzie [Krayzie]
It's a Bone thang how a nigga like me smoke and maintain. [Maintain!]


All [Krayzie] {Krayzie &amp;amp;amp; Layzie}
How a nigga like me smoke and maintain.
[Remain the same.]
{Number one!}
[Black Rob]
Yo I'm gettin ready to put y'all up on somethin man
(What's goin on yo)
Yo, when you see somethin ill (uh-huh)
Knahmean? That shit is WHOA (that's what whoa means)
Anything ill you see is WHOA (uh-huh)
Nigga have a big 6 at the curb that's WHOA (okay?)
Especially if he got the fully equipped kit on it; it's WHOA
Like youknowhatImean? Like yo..

I had this bad bitch Uptown, she was WHOA!
Had me fucked up in the head I mean WHOA!
Bought the bitch diamonds and pearls I mean WHOA!
Shoulda seen them shits shinin on her wrist, WHOA!
Now money ain't a problem, see my dough is like WHOA!
Pulled out my bankroll on y'all niggaz like WHOA!
Floss the blue shrimp from two-tenth like WHOA!
Faggot wanna peep my blueprints, I'm like WHOA!
Had to hit the brakes on y'all niggaz like WHOA!
Niggaz gettin pulled on my block like WHOA!
Comin home within a half an hour like WHOA!
Frontin like they had the manpower like WHOA! More or less
More or so, I'll rip your torso
I live the fast life, come through in the Porshe slow like WHOA!
My niggaz - like dough, light 'dro
Nitro, might flow, nice clothes like WHOA!

{*inhales through nose*} Ease pain with cocaine like WHOA!
Now I'm Doc Strange in the Range like WHOA! (They don't know me)
Hundred miles an hour, switchin lanes like WHOA!
Plus I'm gettin brain from this chick like WHOA!
Finger near a nigga asshole like WHOA!
Scene floss riches and bitches like WHOA!
Nine-nine Jag Benz Coupe like WHOA!
Keep them cheese lines on youe blocks like WHOA!
Grenade through your window bitch, like WHOA!
Love to see me do this shit, like WHOA!
Niggaz put me through this shit, like WHOA!
So I'ma go toe to toe, blow for blow like WHOA!
and rip your torso
Live the fast life, come through in the Porshe slow like WHOA!
My niggaz - like dough, light 'dro
Nitro, might flow, nice clothes like WHOA!

We bag it, then flip it like WHOA!
Cars we jack it then strip it like WHOA!
Fully equip it, front to back, like WHOA!
Spittin on fiends that come for crack like WHOA!
Askin for shorts and shit nigga like WHOA!
Half on his krunk, now nigga that's WHOA!
Flow so properly you'll see I'm WHOA!
Ain't no stoppin me, I'm deep like WHOA!
Guns be poppin B, we creep like WHOA!
Hear my name in these streets it's like WHOA!
Must I pound the concrete like WHOA!
Fill his bitch ass, head to feet like WHOA!
Your man ain't WHOA! The judge ain't WHOA!
C.O.'s ain't WHOA! P.O.'s ain't WHOA!
Play y'allself I get the G.I. Joe
D-I-C, K riders ain't WHOA!
I'll rip your torso
Live the fast life, come through in the Porshe slow like WHOA!
My niggaz - like dough, light 'dro
Nitro, might flow, nice clothes like WHOA!

Niggaz gettin money in VA is WHOA!
Honies lookin right in ATL is WHOA!
Niggaz pimpin hoes in Chi-Town is WHOA!
Bitches takin paper in L.A. is WHOA!
Niggaz stacking dough in D.C. is WHOA!
P.R. D.R. hold me down like WHOA!
Ballers in Detroit hold me down like WHOA!
Niggaz in New Orleans gettin money is WHOA!
Boston and Jersey, muh'fuckers is WHOA!
Florida niggaz and Philly niggaz is WHOA!
Tampa and Texas, Cleveland is WHOA!
Memphis and Lil' Rock, my niggaz is WHOA!
Panama niggaz they hold me down like WHOA!
My New York peoples they hold me down like WHOA!
Bad Boy nigga, word is bond we WHOA!
Alumni bitches, word is bond we WHOA!

N.C, S.C., motherfuckers is WHOA!
My nigga Buckwild, word is bond he WHOA!
Uhh.. and that's just how the story go..

And whoever I forgot on this shit is, WHOA!
Aww man, WHOA!
Eighth street, Life Stories (WHOA!)
P.D.P.R., that nigga..
The beat I got from big Buckwild is WHOA!
That nigga Black Rob on the mic is WHOA!
My whole fuckin flow on the mic is WHOA!

{*music fades*}
Who knows what tomorrow will bring,
Maybe sunshine, maybe rain,
But as for me always the same,
Maybe it'll bring my love to me. [no]

Who knows what tomorrow will bring,
Maybe sunshine, maybe rain,
But as for me always the same,
Maybe it'll bring my love to me. [no]

Sometimes I feel rainy days.
Just to let you know,
It's happening to me,
Alright. (???)
[Verse 1]
My radio, believe me, I like it loud
I'm the man with a box that can rock the crowd
Walkin' down the street, to the hardcore beat
While my JVC vibrates the concrete
I'm sorry if you can't understand
But I need a radio inside my hand
Don't mean to offend other citizens
But I kick my volume way past 10
My story is rough, my neighbourhood is tough
But I still sport gold, and I'm out to crush
My name is Cool J, I devastate the show
But I couldn't survive without my radio
Terrorising my neighbours with the heavy bass
I keep the suckas in fear by the look on my face
My radio's bad from the Boulevard
I'm a hip-hop gangster and my name is Todd
Just stimulated by the beat, bust out the rhyme
Get fresh batteries if it won't rewind
Cos I play everyday, even on the subway
I woulda got a summons but I ran away
I'm the leader of the show, keepin' you on the go
But I know I can't live without my radio

[Verse 2]
Suckas on my jock when I walk down the block
I really don't care if you're jealous or not
Cos I make the songs, you sing along
And your radio's def when my record's on
So get off the wall, become involved
All your radio problems have now been solved
My treacherous beats make ya ears respond
And my radio's loud like a fire alarm
The floor vibrates, the walls cave in
The bass makes my eardrums seem thin
Def sounds in my ride, yes the front and back
You would think it was a party, not a Cadillac
Cos I drive up to the ave, with the windows closed
And my bass is so loud, it could rip your clothes
My stereo's thumpin' like a savage beast
The level on my power meter will not decrease
Suckas get mad, cos the girlies scream
And I'm still gettin' paid while you look at me mean
I'm the leader of the show, keepin' you on the go
But I know I can't live without my radio
I'm the leader of the show, keepin' you on the go
And I know I can't live without my radio

[Verse 3]
Don't touch that dial, I'll be upset
Might go into a fit and rip off your neck
Cos the radio's thumpin' when I'm down to play
I'm the royal chief rocker LL Cool J
Let your big butt bounce from right to left
Cos it's a actual fact this jam is def
Most definitely created by me
Goin' down in radio history
I'm good to go on your radio
And I'm cold gettin' paid cos Rick said so
Make the woofers wallop and your tweeters twitch
Some jealous knuckleheads might try to dis
But it's nuthin', ya frontin', ya girl I am stuntin'
And my radio's loud enough to keep you gruntin'
My name is Cool J, I'm from the rock
Circulating through your radio non-stop
I'm lookin' at the wires behind the cassette
And now I'm on the right, standing on the eject
Wearin' light blue Pumas, a whole lotta gold
And jams like these keep me in control
I'm the leader of the show, keepin' you on the go
And I know I can't live without my radio

[Verse 4]
Your energy level starts to increase
As my big beat is slowly released
I'm on the radio and at the jam
LL Cool J is who I am
Imma make ya dance, boogie down and rock
And you'll scratch and shake to my musical plot
And to expand my musical plan
Cut Creator, rock the beat with your hands

That's right, so don't try to front the move
As you become motivated by the funky groove
You can see me and Earl chillin' on the block
With my box cold kickin' with the gangster rock
See people can't stop me, neither can the police
I'm a musical maniac to say the least
For you and your radio I made this for
Cool J's here to devastate once more
Pullin' all the girls, takin' out MCs
If ya try to disrespect me, I just say Please!
Here to command the hip-hop land
Kick it live with a box inside my hand
I'm the leader of the show, keepin' you on the go
But I know I can't live without my radio

Farmers Boulevard, yeah, you know that's where me and E hang out, cool
out, you know what I'm sayin'? That's where the crib's at.
(Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww SHIT!!)

Check it out
Yo, 1992 begins the new wave for the blunt rollers
You know what I'm sayin'?
The saga of the philly blunt continues
The flava's the P-Funk y'all, get wit it
Check it out...

(Verse 1)

Check out a new type of gimmick which is splendid
Since you're down with other shit, let's see if you're down with this
It's about..strictly trying to roll a blunt
When you get the hang of it, you'll catch more blunts than Archie Bunk
First of all you get a fat bag of ism
From uptown, any local store sells the shit friend
Purchase a philly, not the city of Philly
Silly punk, I'm talking 'bout the shit called the Philly blunt
Lick the blunt and then the Philly blunt middle you split
Don't have a razor blade, use ya fuckin fingertips
Crack the bag and then you pour the whole bag in
Spread the ism around until the ism reach each end
Take your finger and your thumb from tip to tip
Roll it in a motion then the top piece you lick
Seal it, dry it wit ya lighter if ya gotta
The results, mmmmmmmm....proper

(chorus)
That's how you roll a blunt
That's how you roll a blunt
That's how you roll a blunt
That's how you roll a blunt
That's how you roll a blunt
That's how you roll a blunt
Let's all roll a blunt
..and get fucked up (yea)
(repeats again)

(Verse 2)

The second paragraph might makes you laugh
When a brotha rolls a blunt and his breath smells like gr-ass
That's when you know you gotta take the blunt from him
Cuz his breath has the dragon in the dungeon
(yo, yo, yo, light the blunt. uh yo, here's the lighter..)
I would if this shit would stop drippin' wit saliva
And if you gonna lick it, don't drown it with ya spit, shit
I dunno what dick or last puss you licked quick
And how 'bout the non-blunt rollin' females
That always fucks it up 'cuz they don't wanna break their Lee nails
(hee hee hee hee hee, sorry Red for spilling it..)
&amp;amp;lt;BEEEITCH&amp;amp;gt; You better pickup every seed of it
Because I paid 10 bills for the get ill..
And for spilling it you better get lost or get grilled
Bo know everything from sports to other stuff
But I bet you Bo dunno know to roll a blunt.

(chorus)

(hey nigga pass the gotdamn blunt. shit! what you holding it all day for?
Sit yo big ass down...)

(bridge)
Yo, yo, check this out
I want all the real niggas out there and the females too
If you got a fat blunt in ya mouth and you feeling high as hell
I want y'all to repeat after me, check it out
I'm fucked up (I'm fucked up..)
I'm fucked up (I'm fucked up...)
I'm high as hell (I'm high as hell..)
I'm high as hell (I'm high as hell) Yea.

(Verse 3)
Last but not least, Redman would like to say peace
To all the blunt rollers from the Tri-State to the Middle East
And gimme a blunt when I kick the bucket
Devil or no devil when I am the wrong to be fucked with
So everybody put they blunt up in the air
Take a puff, blow the smoke out like ya just don't care
So..(pump up the volume) ..so it's heard thru the next block
I'm out, peace to Red Foxx, I'm off to the cess spot..

(outro)

(yea, DJ Twinz in the house)
Yea, Redman's in the house
Yo, peace to Pack Pistol Posse, the 4,5,6
Yo, I'm out, yo Reg
Turn this shit off man (yo turn that shit off..)

(record stops)
(feat. Ghostface Killah, Method Man &amp; Cappadonna)

Intro: Method Man (Johnny Blaze)

Hey mom, can I have some money?
The ice cream man is coming!

Chorus:

Watch these rap niggaz get all up in your guts
French-vanilla, butter-pecan, chocolate-deluxe
Even caramel sundaes is gettin touched
And scooped in my ice cream truck, Wu tears it up
(The ice cream man is coming!)

Verse One: Ghostface Killer (Tony Starks)

Yo honey-dips, summertime, fine Jheri drippin
See you on Pickens with a bunch of chickens how you're clickin
I catch shootin strong notes as we got close
She rocked rope, honey throat smellin like Impulse
Your whole shell baby's wicked like Nimrod
Caught me like a fresh-water scrod, or may I not be God
Attitude is very rude Boo, crabby like seafood
It turns me on like Vassey and Lahrule
They call me Starky Love-hun, check the strategy
By any means, Shirley Temple cross was done by Billie Jean's
Black Misses America, your name is Erica, right true
Lazy eyeball, small piece, six shoe
Caramel complexion, breath smellin like cinnamon
Excuse me hon, the Don mean no harm, turn around again
God damn, backyard's bangin like a Benz-y
If I was jiggy, you'd be spotted like Spuds McKenzie
I'm high powered put Adina Howard to sleep
Yo pardon, that bitch been on my mind all week, but uhh
Back to you Maybelline Queen let's make a team
You can have anything in this world except CREAM
So whatchu wanna do? Whatchu wanna do?
Let's go ahead and walk these dogs and represent Wu

Chorus

Verse Two: Raekwon the Chef (Lou Diamonds)

Shaolin's finest, whattup Boo, peace your highness
Yo I'm loungin, big dick style, y'all niggaz is the flyest
Moves you're making too fly jewels are shaking
not a rape patient, you're looking good fly colored Asian
Ghettoes, them is your hometown, we can go the whole round
After that, I'm shootin downtown
I'm rockin hats and you wig is all intact
Who's that queen bee chick, eyes curly black
Freaks be movin in fly sneaks
Two finger rings and gold teeth, and ain't afraid to hold heat
So when I step in the square dear
You better have CREAM to share, Ricans, ven aqui yeah

Chorus

Verse Three: Cappachino

Black chocolate girl wonder, shade brown like Thunder
Politic til your deficit step, gimme your number
Your sexy persuasive ta-ta's and thighs
Catch my eyes like highs I want your bodily surprise
Double dime some time, Ice Cream you got me fallin out
like a cripple, I love you like I love my dick size
ooh baby I miss you, your sweet tender touches
take pulls off the dutches, orgasm in my mindstate
masterbate in your clutches, I want you for self
like wealth, so play me closely
Bitches paranoia for the sting, who want the most of me
Only a hard dozen want to be callin me cousin
Thirsty for my catalog, baby shoppin spree you're lovin
Call me if you want to get dug like the pockets
I jizm like a giant break brooms out of their sockets

Outro: Method Man

Wu-Tang in the cut, for real niggaz what?
It's the after party and bitches want to fuck

Chorus

Ice cold bitches melt down when my clutch
and what they titties sucked, ice cream

Yeah, your guts

Chorus: 3/4ths

Ice cold bitches melt down when in the clutch
They want they titties sucked, ice cream

One love to my chocolate deluxes, keep your nails done
and your wigs tight, word up
One love to my butter-pecan Ricans for calling me papi
That's for real
One love to caramel sundaes, with the cherries on top
Yeah
And big up to my french vanillas
Parlez vous, francais, mi amor, merci, oui oui, bon bons
and all that good stuff
That good stuff
Boy talks to lady to start the song]

[Verse 1 - Game (DRE)]
What happened in hip hop
That got Pac and Big shot
The thicks plots
Now every rapper claim
He let his clique pop
But even myself tote a gun
And know to run then get shot
Ive been there before
Now im fuckin with Doc
(Gotta do them Calvin Broadus numbers)
If not i push rocks
Anticipatin my encarceration
Media think im fakin like Mason
But when it comes to mase
Fuck Off Kelly i dont take it in the face
I find out who sprayed it
I'm putting you under the pavement
No buddhist, priest, catholic, or baptist pastor can save him
Im far from religious
But i got beliefs, so i put
Cannary yellow diamonds
In my jesus piece
I came back from the dead
Without a part of my chest
Layed in a hospital bed on cardiac arrest
I waited for 3 years
While everybody else dropped
Now i understand why NAS
Did a song with his pops

[CHORUS x2]

Im ready to die
Without a reasonable doubt
Smoke chronic and hit it
Doggy style before i go out
Until they sign my death certificate
All eyez on me
Im still at it, illmatic
And thats THE DOCUMENTARY

[Verse 2]

If i die my niggas, fuck it
I did a song with Mary Blige, my niggas
Got a hook from Faith
No verse from Jay
I guess on westside story
He thought i spit in his face
Told Ed Lover and Money Luv
I was talkin to Ja
With that mayback line
It was payback time
Keep fuckin with me nigga
Ill put you under me
Take your car and trade it in
For eight 3 hundred C's
If you cross my T
I'll dot your Eyes
You do life in a cementary
Ill do mine with Shyne
Come home sit in the thrown
With my legs crossed
And my air force
Middle finger up
Fuck the world
Cause im feelin like Puff
When Life After Death hit
Mo' money, mo' problems
And i lost my best friend
Im the second dopest nigga
From compton u'll ever hear
The first nigga only put out albums
Every 7 years (haha)

[Game (Commentator)]
(You know what speakin of Jay
That just makes me roll down
Now your song westside story)
Ohh Ohh
(You got a line that says
Dont wear throwbacks
Or drive, ride in maybacks,
Is that a shot at Jay?)
Naa, i was talkin about Ja Rule
Yeah, So, Yeah, i got a lot of
Respect for Jay
You know what im saying
I never take shots at legends
Thats just something i dont do

[Verse 3 - Game (Busta)]
Let me tell you why i do this shit
Im a son of a gun
Cause moms was a hoover crip
First day i got signed
I had to prove i spit
Freestyle with Busta Rhymes
(son, duke is sick)
The prodigee' of Doc Dre.
I could finally put the shoes on
Now that the rumors of Rakim and Q gone
They say truth hurts
Sunk, like quick sand
Dont stop me in traffic
And ask about hitman
I gotta restore the feelin
It crawled from under the rock
After the dog pound
Crushed the buildings
I got a family to feed
Im the middle of 9 children
We can talk about a loan
After i sell 5 million
If i tell you i aint Game
And i dont know Dre.
You gonn do me like X-Zibit
And cut half of my face?
I take all the credit
For putting the west
Back on the map
If you aint feelin that
Guess I'm Gorilla Black!!!

[CHORUS x1]

Im ready to die
Without a reasonable doubt
Smoke chronic and hit it
Doggy style before i go out
Until they sign my death certificate
All eyez on me
Im still at it, illmatic
And thats THE DOCUMENTARY
Fuck bitches get money.. fuck niggaz get money (3X)
[Kim] Hehehe
[Big] WHAT? Uhh sex em up
[Kim] The fuck? That shit ain't even ?? big boy
[Big] Oh aight you don't you don't get none of that shit
Uhh check it out
[Kim] Bout to "get money"

[Notorious B.I.G.]
You wanna sip Mo' on my living room flo'
Play Nintendo with Cease a Leo
Pick up my phone say "Poppa not home"
Sex all night mad head in the morn'
Spin my V, smoke all my weed
Tattoo on tit-tie sayin B-I-G, now check it
You wanna be my main squeeze baby
Don'tcha, you wanna gimme what I need baby
Won'tcha, picture life as my wife just think
Full length mink, fat X and O links
Bracelets to match, conversation was all that
Showed you the safe combinations and all that
Guess you could say youse the one I trusted
Who would ever think that you would spread like mustard?
Shit got hot, you sent Feds to my spot
Took me to court, tried to take all I got
'Nother intricate plot, the bitch said I raped her
"Damn, why she wanna stick me for my paper?"
My Mo-sci-no, my Ver-sa-ce hottie
Come to find out, you was fuckin everybody
You knew about me, the fake ID
Cases in Virginia, body in D.C.
Woe, oh is me, that's what I get for trickin
Pay my own bail, commence to ass kickin
Lick in the door, wavin the four-four
All you heard was, "Poppa don't hit me no more"
Disrespect my click, my shit's imperial
Fuck around and made her milkbox material
You feel me? Suckin dick, runnin your lips
'Cause of you, I'm on some real fuck a bitch shit, uhh..

Fuck bitches, get money.. fuck niggaz, get money (3X)
[Big] WHAT? I see mad girls like you
[Kim] You seen mad girls just ACTIN hot
[Big] I'm tellin you though
[Kim] There AIN'T nobody like me
[Big] You just frontin, there's people out like that
[Kim] ??

[Lil' Kim]
Uhh, whoo! Get at me
Whoo, I told you niggaz
Niggaz.. betta grab a seat
Grab on your dick as this bitch gets deep
Deeper than the pussy of a bitch six feet
Stiff dicks feel sweet in this little petite
Young bitch from the street, guaranteed to stay down
Used to bring work outta town on Greyhound
Now I'm Billboard now, niggaz press to hit it
Play me like a chicken, thinkin I'm pressed to get it
Rather do the killin than the stick up jooks
Rather count a million while you eat my pussy
Push me to the limit get my feelings in it
Get me open while I'm cummin down your throat
Then, you wanna be my main squeeze nigga
Don'tcha, you wanna lick between my knees nigga
Don'tcha wanna see me whippin your 3 down the Ave.
Blow up spots on bitches because I'm mad
Break up affairs lick shots in the air
You get vexed, and start swingin everywhere
Me shifty? Now you wanna pistol whip me
Pull out your nine, while I cock on mine
Yeah what nigga? I ain't got time for this
So what nigga? I'm not tryin to hear that shit
Now you wanna buy me diamonds and Armani suits
Adia Vinadini and Chanel lime boots
Things that make up, for all the games and the lies
Hallmark cards, sayin, "I apologize"
Is you wit me? How could you ever decieve me
But payback's a bitch motherfucker, believe me
Naw I ain't gay this aint no lesbo flow
Just a lil somethin, to let you motherfuckers know

Fuck bitches, get money.. fuck niggaz, get money (*repeat to end*)
[Kim] Wait a minute, wait a minute
Back up, just give me that shit, this shit is mine
[Big] Oh you want my numbers and shit
[Kim] ??
[Big] Look, now you wanna ??
[Kim] I'm all that bitch, don't ask
You're fuckin with a bitch named Aphrodite
[Big] Y'all believe that shit?
[Kim] Just playin with you, worrd
?? daddy is all that, oh word
?? I'm talkin bout some presidents
Talkin bout this motherfuckin cash
[Big] Whatever you don't think about this
My nickname was Jesus in high school
[Kim] You don't even believe that shit!
God don't believe that shit!
[Big] I'm the supreme being baby
Lyrics: Daryl Hall, John Oates, Sara Allen
Music: John Oates

Dial your number
Tape reply:
&amp;amp;quot;I'm not at home right now, but leave your name
And I will call you Friday Night. Call you Friday good bye.&amp;amp;quot;
Hearing you and waiting make the days drag slowly
On the phone, oh no the tape again
Don't say not at home, no way
Friday let me down tonight

Weekend comes I try again
I hear the same recording
Hasn't changed
&amp;amp;quot;I'm not at home right now. Leave your name and I will call you.&amp;amp;quot;
Friday let me down tonight.
(Tupac) They say

Intro/Chorus:
(B-Legit) Influenced by crime, addicted to grindin
(C-Bo) Where I can pile up my chips
(Richie Rich) And niggaz call me a timer
(Tupac) I been ballin since my adolecsent years steady climbin
(E-40) Man, you motherfuckers don't know nuttin about no timin

(Tupac) That's right, that's right boy start that shit off

Verse One: 2Pac

I heard a rumour I died, murdered in cold blood dramatized
Picutes of me in my final stage you know Mama cried
But that was fiction, some coward got the story twisted
Like I no longer existed, mysteriously missin
Although I'm worldwide, baby I ain't hard to find
Why I spend most of my time on California crime
Watching for thievin I'm cautious it's like I'm barely breathin
Puttin a bullet in mutherfuckers give me a reason
See me and hope I'm intoxicated or slightly faded
You tried to play me now homicide is my only payment
I'm addicted to currency in this life I lead
Why the fuck you cowards be runnin, too scared to fight a G
For the life of me, I cannot see
How motherfuckers picture livin life after a night of fuckin around with me
And if you don't like this rhyme
then bring your big bad ass to California, cause we ain't hard to find

(B-Legit) Influenced by crime, addicted to grindin
(C-Bo) Where I can pile up my chips
(Richie Rich) And niggaz call me a timer
(Tupac) I been ballin since my adolecsent years steady climbin
(E-40) Man, you motherfuckers don't know nuttin about no timin

Verse Two: C-Bo, B-Legit

I got my locs on hard hat goin to war
Breakin them off on sight, stoppin lives like red lights
Watch em pause as I pull my strap, out my drawers
And get to dumpin on they ass, like the last outlaws
Rich, Tupac and the Click, smokin blunts, loadin clips
With enough shit to raise your block in one dip
We bring on horror like Tales From the Crypt
And we ain't hard to find is the tales that we kick

I'm fully automatic full of static and shit
Movin Dodge van fifty rounds in the clip
I'm ridin shot gun with the tint in the back
I'm plan to have a motherfuckerin mint in this rap
I'm from the V-A-L-L-E-J-O
Where sellin narcotics is all I know
I got blow, speed, bleed, whatever yo' kind
And if you need a motherfucker I ain't hard to find

Some may call me Bootsy, but I call it timin
That's while I keeps on grindin (that's right)
to the point where a nigga can't stop
Too much feelin this shit, that's why I'm quick to peel a bitch
Whether it's a nigga or a hoe, a hoe
get in my way, then that ass gots to go
Cause a nigga steady plottin
I serves hit for hit, and motherfuckers keep droppin

(B-Legit) Influenced by crime, addicted to grindin
(C-Bo) Where I can pile up my chips
(Richie Rich) And niggaz call me a timer
(Tupac) I been ballin since my adolecsent years steady climbin
(E-40) Man, you motherfuckers don't know nuttin about no timin

(Tupac) C-Bo and D-Shot, E-40, Richie Rich
(E-40) Da Bay, beitch!

Verse Three: E-40, Richie Rich

Down the steps
Abandonded broken down apartment complex
Heavy metal lipstick hairy can't be scary
Playboy, what the fuck is the proof without the drama play
Nigga, what the fuck you got a gun for, if ya gonna hesitate
Best shake and bake although mine was first to ask niggaz
Motherfuckers didn't think I wasn't going do somethin, ask niggaz
Threaten your life, ain't like you love him
Bury your thoughts, take his head fuck him have at him

Check this out
I grew up with that nigga, threw up with that nigga
I hear he tryin to ride, double-edgin for the other side
But now, my glock be so judgemental
Back seat of a rental keep my name out your dental
Nigga, if your gum bleedin, and you needin
mo' than twenty sticthes, you behaved like dem bitches
Sideways to the race
Heavy in the game, check the resident it's all the same
Nigga, and we ain't hard to find

(Tupac) Hell nah we ain't hard to find
(C-Bo) The whole clickilation fool
(E-40) Motherfuckers hard to find, right here bitch

(Tupac)
Why them niggaz actin like they can't find us
like like they can't see us and
like we don't be at the same spots they be at
It's the same congregation, Young Pac is back
YouknowhatImean?
(C-Bo) Nigga be lookin all the way when he see you and shit
It's a celebration, Young Pac is back
(E-40) Motherfuckers better understand this shit
(Tupac)
Ay D-Shot nigga can we get paid man?
Can we just go there and sock this shit up?
Hey, we smokin, and we ain't hard to fine
Drinkin and shit, fuckin with some hurricane
(E-40) A motherfucker's gonna get his Marlboros regardless playa
(Tupac) You suPPOSED to
Sideways to the next light...
It ain't for everybody
Welcome to Hollywood baby
-Take my picture
You comin with?
-Let's not even talk about it
Let's do it
-Let's go

[Beyonce]
I see your jealousy as you're watching (I see you watching)
You're watching ( It's all good)
It's kinda sexy to me (I Love it)
How you're watching, you're watching
I see your face (i see your face)
You want to touch it (you want to touch it)
Come to my place (come to the crib)
And let's discuss it (let's chop it up)
Tonight you'll be (tonight you 'gon be a superstar baby)
A superstar
Come let me sign you up (let's get into it)

[Chorus]
Ooh it's the lights (you're blinded by the...)
Action! (you need that...)
Hollywood (Uh Uh Uh Uh)
Ooh it's the lights (you're blinded by the...)
Satisfaction (you need that...)
Hollywood (Uh Uh Uh Uh c'mon)

[Verse 1]
Paparazzi spots me in the lobby of my high rise
I hide, behind my shades because the fame is blindin my eyes
My god, I know how Ozzy Oz must have felt when he was oz hot
As I have got, i have got to make this stop
People often warn me that the fame ain't for the faint of heart
It'll change those 'cause if they had love for you into strangers
When the fame starts, it's a chain reaction
Locomotion like when a train departs
Stranger things have happened
Rappin stackin platinum plaques
Born in Brooklyn, Got a place in Manhattan
Goin back to Brooklyn to escape the madness
When your friends is Chris &amp; Gwyneth when your girl is more famous than Juventus
Then it's time to get all your windows tinted
Keep your eyes squinted it's gon flash any minute
The music biz is like musical chairs
It's about where you stand when the music stop spinnin...


[Chorus]

[Beyonce]
You got to get it (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh)
Do you want it? (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh)
But you don't need it (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh)
'Til you do, 'til you do (oh oh oh oh oh oh oh)

[verse 2]
Hey Mister, page sixer
A-Lister, you're in the midst of
The ride of your life, but you gotta keep them hits up
Can't put your guard down, gotta keep your mits up
Take a sip sir, it's so intoxicating ain't it?
Try not to get jaded
Hollywood's been good to ya
Startin to feel like buzz to ya
Don't lie, go on fly, you're addicted to the light
Without the fame, how you gon' survive?
It's like bein on heroin, you so high

[Beyonce]
And everybodyies warning you about it (I tried to told you)
And once you taste it you can't live without it (It's addicting)
Not 'cause you choose to not live without it (you sure you want this baby)
It's now a part of you, it's now a part of you (It's a part of you)
And everybodies warning you about it
And once you taste it you can't live

[chorus]

[verse 3]
Wanna be seen now, groupies
Now you've become what you once despised
James Dean, John Belushi, blow your whole life trying to live in the lights
Heroin's following, Marijuane hopping over the edge
It's like Janis Joplin
River Pheonix, Jimi Hendrix
Jimmy Morrison all of them ended by Hollywood
Thank God for Hollywood
Hollywood...
you sure you want this baby?
Hollywood, it's the most addicting drug in the world
You want the fame
You want the lights
(feat. Quan)

[Verse 1: Quan]
Can we please have a moment of silence?
That's for my niggaz doin' years in confinement
And for my soldiers who passed over, no longer living
That couldn't run whenever the reaper came to get 'em
Can we please pour out some liquor?
Symobolizin', let's take in time to consider that
Though our thugs ain't here, the love is here
And we gon' rep 'til slugs kill us here
This for my dawgs stuck in the struggle tryin' to gain
Smokin' trauma, sniffin' Ra while sellin' cocaine
Trapped in the game, not knowin' how to stop and get by
To live it alive, so instead they live it to die
Can we please have a moment of peace?
For every G that fell for his flag in the streets
Bloodin' and thuggin', folkin' and lokin'
Crypin' and creepin', Latin and kingin'
Or just for poor righteous teachin'

[Chorus: Quan sings]
As days goes and nights fall
For the rest of our life we'll miss y'all
And even though life must go on, we'll still mourn
While wishin' y'all were home

[Verse 2: Nas]
Yeah, and can we have another moment of silence?
For brothers who died from black-on-black violence
From here to the Dark Continent were rebels sell diamonds
To clients allover the world, got little Black girls dyin'
And can we please pour some more liquors?
For Will, Bokeem, Bar, Pappy -- my niggaz
Here's another Warrior Song from Nasty and Quan
It's to him I pass the baton to carry this on
Street's Disciple, salute to those who's gone with bullets
And I promise through rhymin' Quan gon' rep his life to the fullest
And can we please have a moment of truth?
For soldiers and troops away with helmets and boots
And families back home who pray they make it home safe
Hopin' that they don't get hit with a stray or missiles
This is just a moment to let you all know that we miss you
Mommy I'm still here, wishin' I was there with you
Let's take 'em home

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Quan]
And can we please have a moment to mourn?
For Pac, Biggie and Pun 'cause through us they live on
Jam Master Jay, Freaky Ty and Alliyah
Big L and Left Eye, when we die we wish to see ya
Can we please have a moment for children?
Who got raped or murdered, or trapped in the system
Who never knew their father, never learned to dream
But was guided by drug dealers, killers and crack fiends
For single mothers that's forced to play mom and dad
Bustin' her ass to give her kids shit she never had
For my niggaz in the pen hopin' rhymes'll get 'em signed
So when released, they can say bye to a life of crime
For very mother that held a son in the street bleedin'
Cryin' a song of sorow to dark and deep for speakin'
Just a moment outside the day to day struggle
To let the ones we really care about know that we love 'em

[Chorus]
[Eve]
Uh, uh, uh, huh
Yo, yo
Drop your glasses, shake your asses
Face screwed up like you having hot flashes
Which one, pick one, this one, classic
Red from blonde, yeah bitch I'm drastic
Why this, why that, lips stop askin
Listen to me baby, relax and start passin
Expressway, head back, weavin' through the traffic
This one strong should be labeled as a hazard
Some of y'all niggas hot, sike I'm gassin'
Clowns I spot em and I can't stop laughin'
Easy come, easy go, E-V gon' be lastin'
Jealousy, let it go, results could be tragic
Some of y'all aint writin well, too concerned with fashion
None of you aint Gisell, cat walk and imagine
Alotta y'all Hollywood, drama, passed it
Cut bitch, camera off, real shit, blast it

CHORUS:
[Gwen Stefani]
And if I had to give you more,
It's only been a year
Now I got my foot through the door
And I aint goin' nowhere
It took a while to get me here
And I'm gonna take my time
Don't fight that good shit in your ear
Now let me blow ya mind

[Eve]
They wanna bank up, crank up, makes me dizzy
Shank up, haters wanna come after me
You aint a ganster, prankster, too much to eat
Snakes in my path wanna smile up at me

Now why you grittin your teeth?
Frustration baby you gotta breathe
Take a lot more that you to get rid of me
You see I do what they can't do, I just do me
Aint no stress when it comes to sayin' "Get what you see"
Meet me in the lab, pen and pad, don't believe?
Huh, sixteens mine, create my own lines
Love for my wordplay that's hard to find
Sophomore, I aint scared, one of a kind
All I do is contemplate ways to make your fans mine
Eyes bloodshot, stressin', chills up your spine
Huh, sick to your stomach wishin I wrote your rhymes

CHORUS

[Eve]
Let your bones crack
Your back pop, I can't stop
Excitement, block shots from your stash box
Fuck it, thugged out, I respect the cash route
Locked down, blastin, sets while I mash out
Yeah nigga, mash out, D-R-E
Back track, think back, E-V-E
Do you like that (ooooh), you got to I know you
Had you in a trance first glance from the floor too
Don't believe I'll show you, take you with me
Turn you on, pension gone, give you relief
Put your trust in a bomb when you listen to me
Damn she much thinner know now I'm complete(Uh-huh)
Still stallion, brick house, pile it on
Ryde or Die bitch, double R, came strong
Beware, cuz I crush anything I land on
Me here, aint no mistake nigga it was planned on

CHORUS
featuring Raekwon the Chef, Cappadonna

[singing]
We are the G, O-D's
And we came to rock, the spot
Like Ironman Starks
They be the illest MC's, in the world today
Cappa, Raekwon and the R-Z-A
So listen to them clear, and put the box right near your ear
Light your blunts and down your beers
Cause you could never fuck with Wu-Tang Killer Beez...

Verse One: Raekwon the Chef

Say peace to cats who rock mack knowledg Knowledgists
Street astrologists, light up the mic God, knowledge this
Fly joints that carried your points, Corolla Motorola holder
Play it God, he pack over the shoulder
Chrome tanks, player like Yanks, check the franchise
Front on my guys, my enterprise splash many lives
Rapel on fakes like reflectors
He had sugar in his ear in his last crack career
We can can him, manhandle him, if you wanna
run in his crib-o, get ditto, skate like a limo
And jet to the flyest estate, relate take a break
Break down an eighth and then wait drop it like Drake
Thugs they be booing and screwing, we canoeing
Claim they doing the same shit we doing, fuck your union
It's the same style, RZA trainable, jump the turnstyle
On the alley tried to challenge God for the new vials
Especially that, aluminium bat in the act
Relax, lay back, sell a grenade a day, it pays black
The Mac-10 flex white cats like Windex
Index finger be sore, busting these fly scripts
The Wally kid count crazily grands with our plans
Laying with my bitches and my man's in Lex Lands
We losing em, jet to the stash and now Jerusalem
Abusing them, rocking his jewels like we using them
Low pro star, seven thick waves rock Polar
Roll with the Older God, build with the Son and the Star

Chorus:

All these MC's start realizing
That Ghost got that shit, that'll keep you vibing
The Wu is here to bring, you Shaolin's finest
But if your shields are weak, you better step behind us

Verse Two: Ghostface Killah

Mercury raps is roughed then God just shown like taps
Red and white Wally's that match, bend my baseball hat
Doing forever shit, like pissing out the window on turnpikes
Robbing niggaz for leathers, high swiping on dirt bikes
Voice be metal like Von Harper radio bubble
Murder sleep away camp, the fly lady champ
The arsonist, who burn with his pen regardless
Slaying all these earthlings and fake foreigners
In the Philippines, pick herbal beans, bubbling strings
Biochemical cream, we burn kerosene
The conviction of my tape is rape, wicked like Nixon
Long-heads inscriptions with three sixes in
Kiss the pyramid experiment with high explosive
I slapbox with Jesus, lick shots at Joseph
Zooming like binoculars, the rap blacksmith
Money's Rolex, with sparkles, Chef ragtop is spotless
I'm Iron Man no cheap cash metal I'm steel alloy
True identity hidden inside secret tabloids
Breathe oxygen both sides of my jaw carry oxes
The track hit like the bangers, in hundred watt boxes
Yo jostling these cats while Little J be dallying
Sip Irish Moss out of Widelians

Chorus

Verse Three: Cappadonna

Give me the the fifty thou, small bills, my gold plate, my slang kills
My Benz spills, whattup Lils, murder one Dunn
Killer bee stung, guess who back home Son
My technique of slang camp won, third platoon soon
Crystal bottles, cages of boom, probably wardrobe
The mad-hatter big dick style, beware goons
smuggle balloons, lord of dooms, in fat pussy wombs
Let the Gods build, pull up the grill, check out the mad skills
Top secret technique, too hard for you to peep it and keep it,
jiggy style of rap and watching knuckle slang, ssweep it
out of order ape recorder can't record my slaughter
spoil the rotten Don is too good to be forgotten
High top notch, borderline rhymes is hand cocked
'96, my ill sound clash is still hot, get yourself shot

Chorus
[RUN]
A whole lot of superstars, on this stage her tonight
But I want y'all to know one thing-this is... [DMC] My house
and when I say who's house, y'all know what time it is.
- Who's house?
- Run's house!

[RUN]
Ah, once again my firend
Not a trend for then
They said rap was crap
But never had this band
Till the ruler came
With a cooler name
Make ya dance and prance and draw the fans to stades
Name is Run, my son
Number one for fun
Not a gun that's done and get done by none
The others act in fact ya just wack I kill
[DMC] Why?
[RUN] Because it's fun my son and Run heads the bill!

(chorus)
- Who's house?
- Run's house!
(repeat twice)

DMC]
I'm in the house y'all
I'm in the house y'all
And this is how Run DMC will turn it out y'all
I'm in the house y'all
I'm in the house y'all
And this is what Run DMC be about y'all

Well my name is DMC,
The all-time great
I buts the most rhymes in New York state
Reporters Claw
Producers die
They want to be down with the king!
The wanted man from the wanted clan
Wanted by every fan from across the land
Not a G.A.N.G off the street
R. and U.N. D.M.C complete!

(chorus)

[DMC] Get on the mic and (emcee)
[RUN]
Another time I take
For the rhyme I make
Make me mad and sad because the fad is fake
See I do this thing so come presue this king
One mind I rhyme is all you can spring
'Cus I'm the best I'm def
Ask the rest they left
That's my name, my game and we don't need the rep
So keep the booze you loose and suckas cool your mouth
I set a trap for rap thats crap
It's Run's house!

(chorus)

[DMC]
Some underestimate and miscalculate
My intent to create what I call the great
Till I make a song that I prove 'em wrong
See my song so strong and make 'em come along
Come in the door
Get on the floor
Hard rock, hard hitting hip-hop hardcore
Causing casualties and catastrophes
And tragedies for the suck emcees
Use a strategy to get the best of me
You dirty rat emcees
Whoever you may be
You need to go down south
You need to shut your mouth
It's all about no doubt just shout 'cus we turn it out!

(chorus)
Intro Part One: Method Man (album version)

Yeahhh, torture motherfucker what?
[Torture nigga what?]
What?
I'll fuckin
I'll fuckin tie you to a fuckin bedpost
with your ass cheeks spread out and shit
Right?
Put a hanger on a fuckin stove and let that shit sit there
for like a half hour
Take it off and stick it in your ass slow like
Tssssssss

[Yeah, I'll fuckin
Yeah I'll fuckin lay your nuts on a fuckin dresser
Just your nuts layin on a fuckin dresser
And bang them shits with a spiked fuckin bat]
Ooooohhhh
[Whassup? BLAOWWW!!]

I'll fuckin
I'll fuckin pull your fuckin tongue out your fuckin mouth
and stab the shit with a rusty screwdriver, BLAOWW!!
[I'll fuckin]

[I'll fuckin
I'll fuckin hang you by your fuckin dick
off a fuckin twelve sto-story building out this motherfucker]

I'll fuckin
I'll fuckin
sew your asshole closed, and keep feedin you
and feedin you, and feedin you, and feedin you

Intro Part Two: Genius (all versions)

[Yo, roll the dice, yo roll the dice
Yo, so it's going down like that, huh? Yeah?
Niggaz is whylin, check it out kid]

From the slums of Shaolin, Wu-Tang Clan strikes again
The RZA, the GZA, Ol Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck, Raekwon the Chef
U-God, Ghostface Killah and the Method Man

M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN
M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN
M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN
M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN

Verse One:

Hey, you, get off my cloud
You don't know me and you don't know my style
Who be gettin flam when they come to a jam?
Here I am here I am, the Method Man
Patty cake patty cake hey the method man
Don't eat Skippy, Jif or Peter Pan
Peanut butter, cuz I'm not butter
In fact I snap back like a rubber
band, I be Sam Sam I am
And I dont eat green eggs and ham
Style will hit ya, wham!, then goddamn
You be like oh shit that's the jam
Turn it up now hear me get buckwu-wu-wild
I'm about to blow light me up
Upside downside inside and outside
Hittin you from every angle there's no doubt
I am, the one and only Method Man
The master of the plan wrappin shit like Saran
Wrap, with some of this and some of that
Hold up (what?) I tawt I tat I putty tat
Over there, but I think he best to beware
Of the diggy dog shit right here
Yippy yippy yay yippy yah yippy yo
Like Deck said this aint your average flow
Comin like rah ooh ah achie kah
Tell me how ya like it so far baby paw
The poetry's in motion coast to coast and
Rub it on your skin like lotion
What's the commotion, oh my lord
Another corn chopped by the Wu-Tang sword
Hey hey hey like Fat Albert
It's the Method Man ain't no if ands about it
It's the Method

Break:

All right, y'all get ya White Owls, get ya meth, get ya skins
Don't forget your fourty
And we gonna do it like this

I got, fat bags of skunk
I got, White Owl blunts
And I'm about to go get lifted
Yes I'm about to go get lifted

I got, myself a fourty
I got, myself a shorty
And I'm about to go and stick it
Yes I'm about to go and stick it

Verse Two:

Uhh
H-U-F-F huff and I puff
Blow like snow when the cold wind's blowin
Zoom, I hit the mic like boom
Wrote a song about it like to hear it here it goes
Question what exactly is a panty raider
Ill behaviour savior or major flavor
All of the above oh yeah plus I do so
Also flam I'm the man call me super
Not an average Joe with an average flow
Doing average things with average hoes
Yo I'm super I'll make a bitch squirm
For my, Su-per Sperm (check it)
Check it I give it to ya raw butt naked
I smell sess pass the Method
Let's get lifted as I kick ballistics
Missles and shoot game like a pistol
Clip is loaded when I click bang dang
A Wu-Tang slug hits your brain
J-U-M-P jump and I thump
Make girls rumps like pump and Humpty Hump
Wow, the Shaolin style is all in me
Child, the whole damn isle is callin me
P-A-N-T-Y-R-A-I-D-E-R mad raw I don't cry
Meaning no one can burn or toss and turn me
Ooh I be the super sperm
Chim chimmeny chim chim cherie
Freak a flow and flow fancy free
Now how many licks does it take
For me to hit the Tootsie Roll center of a break
Peep and don't sleep the crews mad deep Wu-Tang
Fadin motherfuckers like bleach
So to each and every crew
You're clear like glass I can see right through
You're whole damn posse be catchin em all cause you vic'd
and ya didnt have friends to begin with
I'm

M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN
M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN
M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN
M-E-T, H-O-D, MAN

Here I am, here I am, the Method Man

Outro: RZA

Straight from the slums of Shaolin
Wu-Tang Killa B'z on a swarm
[Your soul have just been taken through the 36 chambers of death, kid]

*coughing*
[Word to mother, Method Man signing off, peace]
"Pay homage, respect .." -&amp;gt; Nas
Yeah, one-two..
"..Acknowledge the rep" -&amp;gt; Nas
Uhnnh.. I don't know what you cats was thinking..
"Pay homage, respect .." -&amp;gt; Nas
Musta been crazy..
"..Acknowledge the rep" -&amp;gt; Nas
To step up on stage, at CMJ, mention my name?

[ Verse One ]
I hear these cats, but I ain't listening
A little faint dissing, a little scratch, a little paint missin'
But I still gleam and glisten, hot like a stream of piss 'n
I'm about to have ya whole team wishing
That you never got this shit started
You about to be dearly departed, you gotta be nearly retarded
To let me hear my name mention, try'na gain attention
Now I'm runnin' through this game lynchin'
And I heard a few cats tryna take shots on the low
These XFL rappers tryna fuck with a real pro
One thing; who named y'all the High and the Mighty?
To me, ya'll just sound like a couple of High Whities
You had to be on mad coke and XTC,
To think for a second, you can stand next to me
Look, don't ever again mention my name in ya freestyles
Or I cut off ya transmission faster than Lee Miles
And I heard ya album, this must be something you're new at
'Cause I rather hear a Lil' Wayne/Lil' Zane duet
My cellphone stay ringin', like a slap in the ear
So I hope y'all don't plan on making rap a career
Cause ever since Heav' was in Vernon I been burnin'
Next year, y'all be up in Rawkus, interning
And I shoulda let it known what your government names are
To make sure you +Take It Personal+ like Gang Starr, motherfuckers

"I got one lyric, pointed at your head for start
Another one, is pointed at your weak ass heart" -&amp;gt; Guru
And that go for any other so called rapcats, in the game
"Pay homage, respect" -&amp;gt; Nas
"Acknowledge the rep" -&amp;gt; Nas
"Another fake jack I slay with my spectac' rap display" -&amp;gt; Guru
And believe me, I ain't forget about him, naw
"Pay homage, respect" -&amp;gt; Nas
Nope.. "Acknowledge the rep" -&amp;gt; Nas
Just you wait..
"Acknowledge the rep" -&amp;gt; Nas

[ Verse Two ]
Yo, yeah I heard of the Boogiemann when I was a youth, scary
And I found out that he was as fake as a tooth-fairy
Since my last mission this nigga's been ass-kissing
I took a minute, I gave your single a fast listen
Tell me this, no pot to piss in? How you dissin'
You group holmes are about to report that you missing
And I don't know who was worse, the track or the verse
I'ma get to your producer, but I'm smacking you first
See I couldn't even find one nigga that heard of you
I did find a few cats that wanted to murder you
But I told 'em "Chill", I let 'em know you was my son
And I promise I can pay support to you twenty-one
Consider me the clothes on your back and a warm meal
Who knows, this might just get you a deal
And the day that your album go on sale for the first hour
Just remember like Nas nigga, +I Gave You Power+
I figured I give ya some help, cause you need lots
I make your producer change his name to Speed Nottz
Tell him I say "Fuck him!" for doing the tracks
Matter of fact, fuck Fat Beats, for doing the wax
I'ma diss you via e-mail and then through a fax
I'ma diss you by two-way, I ain't gon' never relax
I'ma diss you over fast, slow track or no track
If your shit wasn't so wack, I dissed you to yo' track
You that little fish that I catch and I throw back
And by the way, give 50 Cent his flow back
You that cat in the club that get hit with a bottle
Fuckin' with me? You better off trying to hit lotto
And don't answer back, this is hard shit to follow
And you can't spit nigga, so you obviously must swollow, motherfucker..
(Are you not entertained?)
(Are..you..not..entertained?)
(Is this not why you're here?)
Uh, Uh, Huh
Turn the music up
Turn me down
Guru...Lets go get 'em again
This time it's for the money my nigga
Brooklyn stand up

[Verse One]
There's never been a nigga this good for this long
This hood
Or this pop, this hot
Or this strong
With so many different flows
This ones for this song
The next one I'll switch up
This one will get bit up
These fucks
To lazy to make up shit
They crazy
They don't...paint pictures
They just trace me
You know what
Soon they forget where they plucked
They whole style from
And try to reverse the outcome
I'm like...tough
I'm not a biter
I'm a writer
For myself and others
I say a B.I.G. verse I'm only biggin up my brother
Biggin up my borough
I'm big enough to do it
I'm that thorough
Plus I know my own flow is foolish
So them rings and things you sing about
Bring em out
It's hard to yell when the bar-rel's in your mouth
I'm in...New sneakers
Deuce seaters
Few Diva's
What more can I tell you
Let me spell it for you
W-I-Double L-I-E
Nobody truer than H-O-V
And I'm back for more
New Yorks ambassador
Prime Minister back to finish my business up

[Chorus: Singing]
What more can I say?
What more can I do?
I give this all to you
I know this much is true
My Life
(Look at my life)
(See what I see)

[Verse Two]
You already know what I'm about
Flyin birds down south
Movin wet off the step
Purple Rain in the drought
Stuntin on hoes
Brushin off my shirt
But ain't nothin on my clothes
'Cept my chain
My name
Young H-O
Pitch the yay faithful
Even if they patrol I make payroll
Benz paid for
Friends they roll
Private jets to the Turks and Caicos
Cris' case loads
I don't give a shit
Nigga one life to live I can't let a day go
Bye
Without me being fly
Fresh to death
Head to toe until the day I rest
And i don't wear jerseys I'm thirty plus
Give me a crisp pair of jeans nigga button ups
S dots on my feet
Make a cypher comeplete
What more can I say Guru play the beat, I'm livin'

We gonna let this ride into the hook
I'mma snap my fingers on this one
What more can I say to you?
Get my grown man on
LET'S GO
(What more can I say?)

[Verse Three]
Now you know ass is willie
When they got you in a mag
For like half a billi
And your ass ain't Lilly
White
That mean that shit you write must be illy
Either that or your flow is silly
It's both
I don't mean to boast
But damn if I don't brag
Them crackers gonna act like I ain't on they ass
The Martha Stewart
That's far from Jewish
Far from a Harvard student
Just had the balls to do it
And no I'm not through with it
In fact I'm just previewin it
This ain't the show I'm just EQ'in it
One, Two and I won't stop abusin it
To gropie girls stop false accusin it
Back to the music
The mayback roof is translucent
Niggas got a problem Houston
What up B
They can't shut up me
Shut down I
Not even P.E.
I'mma ride
God forgive me for my brash delivery
But I remember vividly
What these streets did to me
So picture me
Lettin these clowns nit pick at me
and Paint me like a pickiny
I will literally
Kiss Tee-Tee in the forhead
Tell her please forgive me
Then squeeze into your forhead
I'm not the one to score points off
In fact
I got a joint to knock your points off
Young
Hova the God nigga blasphamy
I'm at the Trump International
Ask for me
I ain't never scared
I'm everywhere
You ain't never there
Nigga why would I ever care
Pound for pound I'm the best to ever come around here
Excluding nobody
Look what I embody
The soul of a hustler I really ran the street
A CEO's mind
That marketing plan was me
And no I ain't get shot up a whole bunch of times
Or make up shit in a whole bunch of lines
And I ain't animated, like say a, Busta Rhymes
But the real shit you get when you bust down my lines
Add that to the fact I went plat a bunch of times
Times that by my influence on pop culutre
I supposed to be number one on everybodys list
We'll see what happens when I no longer exist
Fuck this man

(What more can I say?)
Candyman - Knockin' Boots ringtones !!!
(Tone Loc)

Attention all ladies

The Candyman is on the prowl

And for those that wanna get busy

You gots to speak up now



(Candyman)

This rhyme, this time

Is one of a kind, blowing yo mind

Like only the Candyman can

Like a heavyweight champion

Knockin'em out, another bout without a doubt

Once again you can scream and shout

When I rock the bells

Yell out my name

This is what you've been missing

Listen to my heart beat, while I'm whispering

I know your suffering

So sweet a Candyman sweet nothings

Hugging and tugging and rubbing

Loving it all, having a ball

All ya'll girlies next to me

Talking sex to me

We can't do that yet, but I bet will chill

(Candyman telling'em the truth)

Will still end up knockin the boots



(Chorus)

Ooh boy I love you so

Never ever ever gonna let you go

Once I get my hands on you



(Candyman)

At each and every show, thers's this groupie

Artis knows what she wants to do to me

She knows my name, knows every rap routine

But how she get in my limousine

Don't act fool, don't drool

I'm just a performer

I was cool but the room got warmer

Norma cornered me in

Her and a friend named Llynn, then

They checked me in to the Holiday Inn

I didn't let'em win, said my pockets was thin

She blew me a kiss

I knew she wasn't new to this

I didn't want to, but the devil made me do it

To the tic-toc ya don't stop

We knock boots till 6 o'clock, as we lay

All night long

And early in the morning she sang this song



(Chorus)

Ooh boy I love you so

Never ever ever gonna let you go

Once I get my hands on you

Ooh boy I love you so

Never ever ever gonna let you go

I hope you feel the same way too

(Girl I do)



(Candyman)

Tunnel of love is what I'm entering

When I mention it, you're surrending

Giving it up like a good girl has to

Living it up

Eventually you ask to stay

You're gonna pay for this

Just rest your breast on my chest, yes I'm impressed

With the way you cold love me down

I don't wanna sit down, I just wanna get down

I'm on the ground, down on my knees

Like James Brown singing Please, Please

Round two, I'm down to

Do, what it takes to make you

Understand I'm the Candyman

And I melt in your mouth, not in your hands

Hard as rock, yes I'm no sucka

The boots I knock make me one bad mutha

(Unh Unh...giggling) *2



Knockin, while I'm a hip-hoppin

Many people say my lyrics are shocking

Just because of the simple subject

Everyone should love this

Cause everybody does it

Whether they admit it or if they deny it

You betta keep quite

Or else you might have to see a few skeletons

But girl thats irrevelent

Break out the bottle of Vosties per Monte

Pop off the top and rock wit my posse

Fila Al, Big Dill, and D Fly

We ask the questions, you give the reply

MC Chip, Big Rob and Bud

Rockin on the waterbed, knockin on the rugs

I'm just playing, what I'm saying ain't ill

Girl you should know I'm real

(Unh Unh..giggling) *2
See, sometimes...
You gotta flash em back
See niggaz don't know where this shit started
Y'all know where it came from
I'm sayin we gonna take y'all back to the source
We bounce, yo

Chorus: RZA, GZA

When the MC's came, to live our their name
And to perform (forrrrm)
Some had, to snort cocaine (caiiinnne) to act insane (sannne)
with before Pete Rock-ed it on, now gone
that the mental plane (plaaanne) to spark the brain (brainnn)
with the building to be born
Yo RZA flip the track with the what to gut
Check em check chicka icka etta UHH

Verse One:

Fake niggaz get flipped
In mic fights I swing swords and cut clown
Shit is too swift to bite you record and write it down
I flow like the blood on a murder scene, like a syringe
on some wild out shit, to insert a fiend
But it was yo out the shop stolen art
Catch a swollen heart from not rollin smart
I put mad pressure, on phony wack rhymes that get hurt
Shit's played, like zodiac signs on sweatshirt
That's minimum, and feminine like sandals
My minimum table stacks a verse on a gamble
Energy is felt once the cards are dealt
With the impact of roundhouse kicks from black belts
that attack, the mic-fones like cyclones or typhoon
I represent from midnight to high noon
I don't waste ink, nigga I think
I drop megaton BOMBS more faster than you blink
Cause rhyme thoughts travel at a tremendous speed
Clouds of smoke, of natural blends of weed
Only under one circumstance is if I'm blunted
Turn that shit up, my "Clan in Da Front" want it

Chorus

Verse Two:

I'm on a Mission, that niggaz say is Impossible
But when I swing my swords they all choppable
I be the body dropper, the heartbeat stopper
Child educator, plus head amputator
Cause niggaz styles are old like Mark 5 sneakers
Lyrics are weak, like clock radio speakers
Don't even stop in my station and attack
while your plan failed, hit the rail, like Amtrak
What the fuck for? Down by low, I make law
I be justice, I sentence that ass two to four
round the clock, that state pen time check it
With the pens I be stickin but you can't stick to crime
Came through with the Wu, slid off on the DL
I'm low-key like seashells, I rock these bells
(when the MC's..) Now come aboard, it's Medina bound
Enter the chamber, and it's a whole different sound
It's a wide entrance, small exit like a funnel
So deep it's picked up on radios in tunnels
Niggaz are fascinated how the shit begin
Get vaccinated, my logo is branded in your skin

Chorus
You never close your eyes anymore when I kiss your lips.
And there's no tenderness like before in your fingertips.
You're trying hard not to show it, (baby).
But baby, baby I know it...

You've lost that lovin' feeling,
Whoa, that lovin' feeling,
You've lost that lovin' feeling,
Now it's gone...gone...gone...wooooooh.

Now there's no welcome look in your eyes when I reach for you.
And now your're starting to critisize little things I do.
It makes me just feel like crying, (baby).
'Cause baby, something in you is dying.

You lost that lovin' feeling,
Whoa, that lovin' feeling,
You've lost that lovin' feeling,
Now it's gone...gone...gone...woooooah

Baby, baby, I get down on my knees for you.

If you would only love me like you used to do, yeah.

We had a love...a love...a love you don't find everyday.

So don't...don't...don't...don't let it slip away.

Baby (baby), baby (baby),
I beg of you please...please,
I need your love (I need your love), I need your love (I need your love),
So bring it on back (So bring it on back), Bring it on back (so bring it on back).

Bring back that lovin' feeling,
Whoa, that lovin' feeling
Bring back that lovin' feeling,
'Cause it's gone...gone...gone,
and I can't go on,
noooo...

Bring back that lovin' feeling,
Whoa, that lovin' feeling
Bring back that lovin' feeling,
'Cause it's gone...gone...
[Chorus: Mistadobalina, Mr. Bob Dobalina...]
Mistadobalina, Mistabobdobalina,
Mistabobdobalina, won't you quit
you really make me sick with ya fraudulent behavior
you're gonna make me flip and then an army couldn't save ya
why don't you behave ya little rugrat take a little tip from the tabloid
because I know I'm not paranoid
when I say I saw ya tryin' to mock me
now you and your crew are on a mission tryin' to hawk me
but it isn't happenin' ya fraudulent foes
you used to front big time now I suppose
that everything's cool since the style of apparel you adopted
you used to make fun of but now you wanna rock it
so you gotta kick it with the homies
but D-E-L is already hip to your cronies
me and CM-PX thought about this and never have we seen a
brother who could look like Mista, Mista, Mistadobalina...
[Chorus]
Ooooo, ooooo, mistadobalina
you thought ya could manipulate you thought you could fool me
Ooooo, ooooo, mistadobalina
The teachers would have put me on a stump and then he schooled me
friends can be fraudulent just you wait and see
first he was my moneygrip then he stole my honeydip
mistadobalina is a serpent
don't you agree the little two-tima resembles Aunt Jemima
with jeans and a dirty white hoodie
seems like he wouldn't be a snake or would he
disguises come in all sizes and shapes
notice the facade of the snakes
they all catch the vapes even though last year they was GQ
took a little time before the D-E-L could see through
the mask all I had to do was ask Timberlake and Kwame
and my man responded they would bomb a
fraudulent foe with the strength of Hercules
the way ya on my dick must really hurt ya knees
you need to take heed and quit being such a groupie
ever since I did a little show in Guadeloupee
I neva saw a groupie like you
but what is funny is ya wanted to be down with my crew
but D-E-L is not down with any clowns or jesters
so I would suggest that ya try to impress Uncle Fester
dobolina because ya don't impress me dobolina
the style of dress is not the key dobolina
it's all in the mind and the heart
so you should start by remembering ya gotta pay a fee dobolina
[Chorus]
ooooo ooooo mistadobalina,
ooooo ooooo mistadobalina,
ooooo ooooo mistadobalina,
[chorus]
V-Town, brother check it out, I'm bout to throw it down
Dick in hand, you shoulda had your toke down
A little city, chillin in the North Bay
Needless to say, my boyz don't play fool
Yorker sidin' you know how the song goes
In the back, sippin purple chongos
Don't look for trouble but it always seems to find us, forty
Grippin panties, sippin, and the seats are right behind us
Quick left, one blow, K.O.
Hit the road to the next episode
In the saga of a few fellas
Oh what the hell, I guess i better tell ya
It's Friday night, I got a brand new kick on
Up in the Henny, for me to get bent on
Hit the country club then picked up ML
Eighty west, back to the hotel

At the telly, Bones is doing butt work
Johnny Z had his hand up a miniskirt
The Latina in the corner started to flirt
And I knew that when she saw me baby doll was gonna jaw me
Set for the night so I took her to my ride
Grab my Mickey and my Buddha and I met her outside
Who-ride, brother striking through to be seen
A Lexus 400 to the triple gold Z's
Acid in my bottle, so I gotta get some more
Put the pedal to the metal back to the liquor store
Cause you know what i mean when I'm feelin kinda funky
A sick honky, straight goin donkey
Money in my sock, jimmy in the glove
Layin in the Lexus, I'm about to make good love
And burn rubber up the block
Back to the telly, I gotta get some new cock
New cock (echoes)

Ah naw, could it be?
I just got a page an' a broad wanna do me
Hooked it up, told her meet me at the hotel
She had a friend with her so i called TL
Soothe me up, Sally wanna meet Dick
And Monty licked, so try an' make it real quick

(tick-tock)
(tick-tock)
(tick-tock)
(tick...Honk Honk)

Aw yeah, I jumped in the F-train
But wait a minute, we gotta hit the store man
I got to get some gum and some Tic-Tac's
Two tall cans and a packet of Blackjack's
We got the goods, now we're headin for the ho down
There goes the telly, so fella won't you slow down
Park the ride in the front like a sick one
Just in case, we gotta bust a quick one
Lock the load, let's go look for like 118
But lay low cause I really don't wanna be seen
Is this the room? Aw yeah, that's the right one
I got the black broad and you got the white one
So hit the lights man, I just might man
Try an' throw this thing all night an'
Get her so sprung, that she'll drop some ale
So I can catch turn and hit another hotel
[Verse 1]
(Jaylib)
"Yo man you here dat you here dat shit man"
(Madlib)
Like what the fuck is this
Hey look at this what kinda luck is this
(Haack) Uh Madlib and Dilla is the illest my niggaz
Only haters holler they can't feel us
Wanna get looser then we?
But just gonna be a looser to me and dilla(ha)
Killa, Talkin bout how you kill cops, you softer then a pillow
Backslapin' ya neck while you covered in rep?
cause you bluffin and you aint said nothin to spec?
Anyway i'm straight high off the trees
your girl don't wanna lie she's gonna get on a niggaz dick
Turn It up, y'all niggaz must be outta head
If ya system ain't up to the red

[Verse 2]
(Jay Dee)
"Yo what was that you said right there what was that?"
(Madlib)
Mr Leadway
Instant Replay
Instant Relay
Instant Mc, Producer, and DJ
I do this shit without a cell beeper or three way
Your coming off like like a G-lay?
"Anyway"
Ay, Peace to A.G
Peace to Pete Rock, Diamond D, Peace to Sage
Oh that nigga Wildlight, Wildlife, Hannibal, Cannibals
"WHOOOP What else?"
Um, Male Facists, Womanizers, Nymphos, niggaz in disguises
" Ah What Else"
Fine Women that like Pretty Women Some Fuck Women Some Fuck Woman?
"Mostly Fuckin Women"
Y'all niggaz must be outta ya head if ya system ain't up to the red
*Chorus*
Behind the ghetto plains, the warfare reign
Must we be the bearer of bad terror the mystery
behind the unexplained...
Let us pound it through your brains (through your brains)

(Too Poetic/Grym Reaper)
Yo I'm the immovable object, that dwells up in your project
Deeper than mob threats, the Reaper's on the set
Each word spring a cold current, to hurt niggaz
like old warrants, make an MC, life insurance
plots unfold that rock moles and rock souls
My title be the sniper inside of the foxhole
Data, scientifical, not just the typical
waste matter my third eye expands my periphreal
See I, only attack, savage animals
Damage em, horizontally plus diagonal
Ain't nothin be traumatical my squadron
buries the beast, underneath, the New York City Botanical
Garden, I'm the Adam and the, Eve of Destruction
In volcanic eruption, biological dust
be turnin into anatomical rust, reastonishing crush
Ash to ash, dust to dust

(all together)
Check the smoky branch camouflage, geared down for warfare
Save your career if you walk here, the New York air
assaults mortals, through they ear portals
Nowhere to hide when we caught you in the crosshairs

*Chorus*

(Fruitkwan/Gatekeeper)
Gaze upon the stars, Allah U Akbar
Gomer Oz Dumar, Gatekeep shine rays upon the Gods
Diamond crystal lens mind reflects above the sword
above the head, damage your God-body Judge Dredd
Nuff said, silence acts relentless brutal when attack
A hundred times, more power, poundin media shower
I confront you wise man or spring off like Geechie Dan
in a land, enchanted by crystal been in galactic
meant potential, potent, mine increases through the smokin
Balance a dextraphobin high explosive explosions
Week Omega, I amputate your lever dissect your pever
Make your diva deep, throw off my second teaser
Activate off thought waves, picked up by moray
eels makin you distill back to earth like a astro
In a light fluffy form called snow...
Gravediggaz nigga

*Chorus*
Yeah, Vinnie Paz baby
2 G baby
Army of the Pharoahs
All that good shit

[Ikon the Hologram]
Yo, yo
The lawnmower man smashes
Through your skull with battle axes
We whip asses, with adjante daggers
That slashes
Crushing opposition like we was fascists
Stigmata and four gashes
We bashes, the faggots who can't attack it right
Take they sternum and then turn them into my acolytes
That's the sight of blood that make a child stop
That's the rights of thugs that keep it wild hot
I hate you, say to pray to a heavenly father
It's fatal, like a NATO military armada
We hotter, warriors from Atlantis
Couldn't understand how raw the Hologram is
The mantis who use the flame rod
'Cause y'all couldn't physically bruise the name God

[Diamondback]
Yo the technique, detrimental to your immune
Leave you in the dust, let y'all niggas choke on fumes
It's the tight mikes, aerodynamic, gigantic
The shadow I cast is dominant, royal highness
North Philly's own home-grown cham-pion
Purposely remainin' unknown until shown
Cold as stone, the stage, my home away from home
I, prefer to leave these cloned niggas alone
Buildin' a home for lost MC's gone wrong
Feel the pressure when my team come on strong, it's QD

[Chorus repeat 2x]
*Stoupe scratches*
Don't ever try to...
But can't the skill execute this right
Listen up y'all suckas to what I say
Breakin out an unstoppable...

[Jus Allah]
Megatron is f**kin' monstrous
Hoppin' out of Lake Loch Ness
Every motherf**ker in range is left top-less
Quell my metropolis, like shit's cop-less
Y'all cock-less, we stuff y'all in boxes
For stuffed pockets, yo my thugs is thick
Thug'll diss em, when we gotta put a slug in your bitch
Splatter your dame, Pharoahs we shatter your brain
'Till a nigga's salary change to lateral game
Like Calgary Flames, puttin' fire on ice
Put me in hell, for puttin' four nails in Christ

[Louis Logic]
I'm like Billy Goat Gruff under the bridge at Governor Ridge
Waitin' to knock heads off, I'm a mean son-of-a-bitch
With an itch to misbehave and wave a switchblade
In front of your face so close to leave your whiskers shaved
To disengage, or rip the pages from your notepad
And shove 'em up the hole between your lower back and gonads
The only way your rhymes would be the shit
You need to read a script on playin' gay 'cause you cats could eat a dick
Servin' sucka MC's a fifth of the drunken stylin'
Rippin' M-I-C's like a pub in Dublin, Ireland

[Chorus]

[B.A. Barakus]
Hey yo I got a fetish, to see flesh rip
When my Tek spits, breakin' the bone where ya'll chest is
I dare a nigga to try and battle
I'll put the sweat in your palms when you swallow you're adam's apple
Eat MC's like Chupacabra was eating cattle
Defeat disease with palabras, frequently in battle
Make the hardest man fall back and start to squeal
Haul a fifth to his face, taste the steel
This why I got pro deep and stay ruthless
You useless, F**k with us and leave toothless
We're often known as psycho-drama dispensors
Paralyze niggas then put 'em in trauma centers
Bad Boys!
What'cha want? What'cha want?
What'cha gonna do when sheriff John Brown come for you

Tell me what'cha ya wanna do, what'cha gonna do

Yeah!

CHORUS
Bad Boys, Bad Boys what'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do when they come for you
Bad Boys, Bad Boys what'cha gonna do, what'cha gonna do when they come for you

When you were 8 and had bad traits you go to school and learn the golden rule
So why are you acting like a bloody fool, if you get hot then you must get cool!

(CHORUS)

You chuck it on that one, ya chuck it on this one.
You chuck it on ya mother and ya chuck it on ya father.
You chuck it on ya brother and ya chuck it on ya sister.
And you chuck it on that one and ya chuck it on ME!

(CHORUS x2)

Nobody naw give you no break, Police naw give you no break
Soldier naw give you no break, Not even you idren naw give you no break
Hehe

(CHORUS x2)

Why did you have to act so mean. Don't you know you're human being
Born from a mother with the love from a father, reflections come and reflections go
I know sometimes you want to let go
Hehehe
I know sometimes you want to let go

(CHORUS x2)
(You're too bad, you're too rude)
(You're too bad, you're too rude)
(CHORUS x2)

You chuck it on that one, ya chuck it on this one.
You chuck it on ya mother and ya chuck it on ya father.
You chuck it on ya brother and ya chuck it on ya sister.
And you chuck it on that one and ya chuck it on ME!

(CHORUS - repeated until end)
Written by: Neil Diamond

I thought love was only true in fairy tales
Meant for someone else but not for me
Love was out to get me
That's the way it seemed
Disappointment haunted all my dreams

Then I saw her face
Now I'm a believer
Not a trace of doubt in my mind
I'm in love
I'm a believer
I coundn't leave her if I tried

I thought love was more or less a given / givin' thing
Seems the more I gave the less I got
What's the use in trying
All you get is pain
When I needed sunshine I got rain

Then I saw her face
Now I'm a believer
Not a trace of doubt in my mind
I'm in love
I'm a believer
I coundn't leave her if I tried
[Chorus]
Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay
What you know about that {*3X*}
Ay, don't you know I gotta key by the three
When that chirp shawty chirp back
Louie nap sack where I'm holding all the work at
What you know about that {*3X*}
Hey I know all about that
Loaded 44 on the low where the cheese at
Fresh off the jet to the jects where the G's at
What you know about that {*2X*}
Hey what you know about that
Hey I know all about that

[Verse 1]
See me in your city sitting pretty know I'm shining dog
I ride with a couple latina brawds and a china doll
And you know how we ball
Riding in shiny cars
Walking inside a mall
Buy everything he saw
You know about me dog
Don't talk about me dog
And if you doubt me dog
You better out me dog
I'm throwed off slightly bro
Don't wanna fight me bro
I'm fast as lightening bro
You better use your Nike's bro
Know you don't like me cause
Your bitch most likely does
She see me on them dubs
In front of every club
I be on dro I'm buzzed
Gave every hoe a hug
Niggaz don't show me mugz
Cause you don't know me cuz

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Candy on the six four
Leather guts and fish bowl
Fifty on my pinky ring just to make my fist glow
Your bitches get low
Because I get dough
So what I'm rich hoe
I'll still pull a kick though
What you talking shit for
You gotta run and hit for
Got you yelling and I thought you put out a gun hit for
But you's a scary dude
Believed by very few
Just keep it very cool
Or we will bury you
See all that attitude's, unnecessary dude
Cause you never carry tools not even square he cube
you got the people fooled, who see me on the tube
Whatever try the crew, they'll see you on the news

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Fresh off the jet to the block
Burn a rubber with a top-pop
I'll pop and bust a shot and make the block hot
LA will got got
Cuz you are not hot
I got the top spot
And it will not stop
A video or not that will bust it to the glock stop
drag you out that Bentley Coupe and take it to the chop shop
I know we not y'all
If it may pop off
I'll answer the question &amp;quot;Will I get your block knocked off?&amp;quot;
And what it is bro
Look out I will kill ya bro
I'm in your hood if you a gangsta what you here for
Somebody better get bro before he get sent for
You say you wanna squash it what you still talking shit for

[Chorus]
V. Vaughn, the traveling Vaudeville Villain
Who don't give a flying fuck who ain't not feeling him
Watch what ya' dealing him: ace, king, death card
Strong-arm the wrong man, pardon the left, god
Get money and earn it, that everything you touch turn shit
Got much to learn kid, light it up burn shit
Light it up like the Dutch when the hash melt
Only time they see him when they need him with the cash belt
Ay carumba, now that's my number
One dry summer, as far as I remember
Burnt out, but gaining every edgy penny
Then he hit him straight to the head like Reggie Denny
Call him back when you need some more 'gnac, Horshack
Doing 80 down the Van Wyck on horseback
Ya' man sick but he wreck tracks, puto
Get back too bro', exactamundo
Viktor the director flip a script like Rob Reiner
The way a lotta dudes rhyme their name should be &amp;quot;knob shiner&amp;quot;
For a buck, they'd likely dance the Jig or do the Hucklebuck
To Vik it's no big deal, they're just a buncha knuckle-fucks
You wonder how well will they hold up in a holding cell
It sorta had the strange makings of a tale told in hell
Like &amp;quot;Oh well,&amp;quot; hold tall riches
If the Feds is really after 'em they just told all the snitches
On borrowed-time rhymes, gassed by the silver screen
They act like their monkey ass can heal back like Wolverine
Mellow out what y'all bellow out ya' yellow mouth
What happened to the kinda spit that used to help a fellow out?
No doubt, leave a rapper in a body cast
And wonder what he was doing while we was in a karate class
Snotty ass, it's really like he was a white-belt
Right before he &amp;quot;night-night&amp;quot; ask him how the light felt
Wouldn't take their tape if they gave it free
Maybe it's me, maybe it's V!
Throw down the key, y'all know how shit be
In the naked city, rappers is so giddy
That's no ditty, Vaughn so witty
The way he take no prisoners and show no pity
It's how son became a big man from a Black boy
To name names, a really big fan of Dan Akroyd
He feel they need to give him his own dance
This his only chance to shoot the gift like a lone glance
Or like a beef scene that leave the oo-ey smoking
Or between Hoktuo Shinken and Nanto Koukakuken
For the block boy, take it rough...

[Scarface]
Everyday it's been the same old thang on my block
Ya either workin or ya slangin cocaine on my block
Ya had to hustle, cuz that's how we was raised on my block
And ya stayed on ya hop until ya made you a knot
On my block, to hangout was the thang back then
And even when ya left out, ya came back in
To my block, from Holloway, Belford, to Scotts
We rolled the fox, we load the spots
Smoke weed and rocks, drink all the blue dots
On yo' block you probably bred a Fat Pat or Tupac
Or Big Pun, or B.I., ya homeboys from knee-high
And even when it was stormin outside, that nigga'd be by
That's me dawg, on my block, I ain't have to play the big shot
Niggaz knew me back when I was stealin bell from Shamrock
And my nickname was Creepy, if Black June could see me
He'd be, trippin - and I'd bet he still try to tease me

[Chorus]
My block - where everything is everything fa sheezy
My block - we probably done it all homey believe me
My block - we made the impossible look easy, fa sheezy
My block - I'd never leave my block, my niggaz need me

[Scarface]
On my block, we duck the nigga-haters and the cops
Fuck a hotrod, we race Impalas, chromed-out
On my block - it ain't no different than the next block
Ya get drunk and pass out, and they back ya to the house
And when you wake up on the couch you goin right back at it
On my block when ya that fucked up they laugh at it
On my block, it's just another day in the heart
of the Southside of Houston Texas, makin ya mark
On my block, we're cueing all the time, playin dominoes
Keep the swishers sweet down until my mama goes
back inside -- then we can fight
Pass it around a few times to get high

[Chorus] - 2X

[Scarface]
On my block, everybody business ain't ya business
What's goin on in this house is stayin here, comprende?
On my block, ya had to have that understanding
Cuz if ya told Ms. Mattie, she went and told Gladys
And once ya mama got it, it was all on the wire
And when the word got back, the set yo' ass on fire
On my block, we got some 'Nam vets shell-shocked
Who never quite got right, now they inhale rocks
On my block - it's like the world don't exist
We stay confined to this small little section with dividends
Oh my block, I wouldn't trade it for the world
cuz I love these ghetto boys and girls
born and raised, on my block...
...

[Chorus] - 2X
Ohhh ohh, ohh OHH ohh ohh
Ohhh ohh, ohh OHH ohh ohh, ohh
we talkin bout

[D.V. Alias Khrist]
Hot times, runnin thru ya city
If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity
We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. {*echoes*}

[Pos]
I ain't no thug son, my name is Plug Won
I drop a certified gem, for him and her
Knockin on your radio, like the Crash Crew
ask whoever you want - I'm managin the funk on the paper
Outside of that we pull capers for days
Ridin throughout the maze of street, while we blaze the beat
Watchin the sweet things wiggle they butt
to Plug Three, on the cut, movin on ya what-
-ever ya got, we gon' get, bringin our point, to ya position
Rippin stages with my thought coalition
Carryin on, eradicate all your stress mode
Just another episode through these area codes
We bankin on

[D.V. Alias Khrist]
Hot times, runnin thru ya city
If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity
We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. {*echoes*}
Hmmm..

[Pos]
It's the hot-ness, talked about but never seen
like the Loch-Ness, til ya cop this; drop it inside your vein,
and like a train, we be runnin throughout your legs and arms
You're high off our talent and charm
Check the caliber - this be a smash
like some food on stage for Gallagher
Wear ya bib, cause it's messy
Niggaz schemin on my +Girl+ as if my name was +Jesse+
Watch your manners! Now let me pass it off to Dave Banner

[Dove]
Yo, I set travels like Karen LaRue
Small talkin in the big city, it's all about gettin the coins
Everywhere I go I touch a tenderloin
They sportin a dot com Viet marker bomb
on your metro - MARTA order iron horse
Yo take the cross and meet a nigga at the butcher
I'm cuttin your girl - we on a world tour
Supplyin your bloodstream with nothin but the pure uncut, in ya

[D.V. Alias Khrist]
Hot times, runnin thru ya city
If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity
We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. mmmm..

Freak freak freak freak the funk the funk the funk the funk
funk freak the freak the freak the freak the freak the freak
Freak freak the funk freak freak the funk

[Dove]
We ain't walkin on a yellow brick road
These streets stay red and bloody kid
Study your code, so you can easily pass
I stash a little love when I'm on the visitation
If you crossin my lane, nigga do the same
I guaranteed to run through and prove the game
ain't bigger than the pieces in it
You see the pieces in it had me stuck travellin one side of map
Clappin hands with rap cats who ain't deserve dap
Long hauls and livin out a suitcase man
Chickenheads and gangs of fruitcakes man
Ain't nuttin better than explorin the outskirts
especially when she ain't got no pantyhose on, and it's on

[D.V. Alias Khrist]
Hot times, runnin thru ya city
If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity
We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. {*echoes*}
Mmmm..
Hot times, runnin thru ya city
If you miss it now it'll sho' be a pity
We got - hot times, runnin thru ya city.. {*echoes*}
Mmhmmhmhmmmhmhmmmmm..

[Pos + Dove going "Ohhh ohh, ohh OHH ohh ohh" every 2 lines]
Yo - it's like, the Mercenary gettin down
And we got, Dave Banner gettin down
And we got, Maseo gettin down
And of course, my nigga Eno gettin down
And we got, Jay Dee gettin down (say word y'all)
And of course, the Slum V gettin down
And we got my man Khrist gettin down
And we got, Com Sense gettin down
And we got, N.D. gettin down
You know Troy Hightower gettin down
And we got, C. Smith gettin down
And my nigga, Dave West gettin down..
Jump Jump
You should know, you should know that ahhh
Kris Kross is not having anything today
As we stand there totally krossed out
We commence to make you

Jump Jump
The Mac Dad will make you Jump Jump
The Daddy Mac will make you Jump Jump
Kris Kross will make you Jump Jump

Don't try to compare us to another bad little fad
I'm the Mac and I'm bad give you something that you never had
I'll make ya Jump Jump wiggle and shake your rump
Cause I'll be kicking the flavor that makes you wanna Jump
How high? Real high
Cause I'm just so fly
A young loveable, huggable type of guy
And everything is the back with a little slack
And inside-out is wiggida wiggida wack
I come stompin' with somethi' to keep you jumpin'
R&amp;B - rap and bullcrap is what I'm dumpin'
And ain't something about Kris Kross we all that
So when they ask to the rocks they believe that

Jump Jump
The Mac Dad will make you Jump Jump
The Daddy Mac will make you Jump Jump
Kris Kross will make you Jump Jump
uh huh uh huh
Jump Jump
The Mac Dad will make you Jump Jump
The Daddy Mac will make you Jump Jump
Kris Kross will make you Jump Jump

I let myself knockin' knockin'
I love it when a girl is play jockin' jockin'
The D-A-double D-Y-M-A-C
Ya you know me
I got you jumpin' an' pumpin' an' movin' all around G
In the mix I make ya take a step back
They try to step to the Mac then they got jacked
To the back you'll be sportin' the gear that's coincidental
And like you knowit so don't be claiming that it's mental

Two lil' kids with a flow you ain't ever heard
And none faking you can understand every word
As you listen to my cool school melody
The Daddy makes you J-U-M-P

Jump Jump
The Mac Dad will make you Jump Jump
The Daddy Mac will make you Jump Jump
Kris Kross will make you Jump Jump
uh huh uh huh
Jump Jump
The Mac Dad will make you Jump Jump
The Daddy Mac will make you Jump Jump
Kris Kross will make you Jump Jump

Now, the formalities of this and that
Is that Kris Kross ain't comin' off wack
And for all ya'll sucks that don't know
Check it out

Some of them try to rhyme but they can't rhyme like this Go Go
Some of them try to rhyme but they can't rhyme like this Go Go
Some of them try to rhyme but they can't rhyme like this Go Go
Some of them try to rhyme but they can't Go Go
Cause I'm the miggida miggida miggida Mac Daddy
Miggida miggida miggida Mac
Cause I'm the miggida miggida miggida Mac Daddy

I make you wanna
Jump Jump
The Mac Dad will make you Jump Jump
The Daddy Mac will make you Jump Jump
Kris Kross will make you Jump Jump
uh huh uh huh (repeat 3 more times)
Believe dat
[sinister laughter]

Oh y'all niggas killer now, oh word?
Catch you comin out your fuckin crib nigga
Yeah, catch a fuckin bullet nigga

[Prodigy]
Ayo, I break bread, ribs, hundred dollar bills
Peel on Ducatis and other four wheels
Write a book full of medicine and generate mills
Tour the album, only for more sales
We used to catch those on the block with crills
Now it's paid shows, promoters post up bills
Sign dems only if the math is real
If you can't match numbers then you can't have the Head Nigga In Charge
And shit, live nigga rhymes artist
Pardon, P dub shines regardless
Remorseless, haunt niggas like poltergeists
My advice, 'fore you get like that, is think twice
'fore you move on it, put jewels on it, who want it
Loose niggas make the news when we start formin'
Snatch stripes off a nigga's uniform often
Doin it past yo' delf you way out your jurisdiction
Why niggas bullshit on the grill
I don't fuck around dunny, this move's real
I Keep It Thoro nigga

Yo let me back up for 'em, lemme back up, yo, yo
Why niggas bullshit on the grill
I don't fuck around dunny, this move's real
I gave birth to your whole style and feel
How do it feel, to hold my dick in public
Cock blower, duplicate rap cloner
It's me and you do it live on stage for dolo
I smack niggas like you, smash niggas by the tools
Grab niggas by the throat, show 'n' prove
Rhymes cocky, crazy ill, mad rowdy
Did a buck off of my shit and wrapped your outtie
Tempermental, I snap quick, very touchy
Ayo my attitude is all fucked up and real shitty
I rap like no one out there can fuck wit me
You feel different, niggas see me
I throw a TV at you crazy, bitches say P you crazy
A +Pain in Da Ass+, nah but +Fuck you, Pay me+
I'm no shorty, nigga I stop your glory
I'm a thorough street nigga for real, you just applaud me
Avoid P, man take your baby mom's advice
I'm nothing sweet, ill with the guns, you pay the price
When you see me in the streets soldier, salute me
You just a groupie, oh you gangsta, then shoot me
Who gives a fuck really, I miss my nigga Twin, kill me
So I can join the rest of my falls, up in the heavens
You rap niggas make me laugh, y'all crazy ass
And I don't give a fuck what you sold, that shit is trash
Bang this, cuz I gurantee that you bought it
Heavy airplay all day wit no chorus
I Keep It Thoro nigga...
where they at where they at
where they at where they at
where they at where they at
where they at come on now

if you wanna go and take a ride wit me
we're 3-wheelin in the 4 with the gold d's
oh why do i live this way
(hey) (must be the money)
if you wanna go and get high wit me
smoke an L in the back of the benzie
oh why must i feel this way
(hey) (must be the money)

in the club on the late nite feelin right
lookin tryin to spot somethin real nice
looking for a lil shorty i noticed
so that i can take home (i can take home)
she can be 18 18 wit a attitude
or 19 kinda snotty actin real rude
but as long as you a thicky thicky thick
girl you know that its on (you know that its on)
i peep somethin comin towards me on the dance floor
sexy and real slow (hey)
sayin she was peepin and i dig the last video
so when nelly can we go?
how could i tell her no
her measurements was 36 25 34 {feel it}
i like the way you brush your hair
and i like those stylish clothes you wear
i like the way the light hit the ice and glare
and i can see you boo from way over there

if you wanna go and take a ride wit me
we're 3-wheelin in the 4 with the gold d's
oh why do i live this way
(hey) (must be the money)
if you wanna go and get high wit me
smoke an L in the back of the benzie
oh why must i feel this way
(hey) (must be the money)

facin Plaza Frontenac, don't know how to act
without the vouchers on the boots shes bringing nothin back
you should feel the impact shop on plastic where the sky's is the limit
and them haters can't get past that
watch me as i gas that four dot six range
watch the candy-paint change every time i switch lanes
it feels strange now
makin a livin off my brain instead of caine now
i got the title from my momma put the whip in my own name now
damn shit done changed now
running credit checks with no shame now
i feel the fame now come on
i can't complain no more
shit i'm the man now
in and outta my own town
(i'm getting pages) out of new jersey from courtney b
tellin me about a party up in n y c
and can i make it damn right
i'll be on the next flight
payin cash first class sittin next to vanna white

if you wanna go and take a ride wit me
we're 3-wheelin in the 4 with the gold d's
oh why do i live this way
(hey) (must be the money)
if you wanna go and get high wit me
smoke an L in the back of the benzie
oh why must i feel this way
(hey) (must be the money)

if you wanna go and take a ride wit me
we're 3-wheelin in the 4 with the gold d's
oh why do i live this way
(hey) (must be the money)
if you wanna go and get high wit me
smoke an L in the back of the benzie
oh why must i feel this way
(hey) (must be the money)

check check
yo i know somethin you don't know
and i got somethin to tell ya
you won't believe how many people straight doubted the flow
most said that i was a failure
but now the same mutha fuckaz askin me for dough
and i'm yellin i can't help ya
yo nelly can we get tickets to the next show
hell naw you for real

hey yo now that i'm a fly guy
and i fly high
niggas wanna know why why i fly by
but yo its all good
range rover all wood
do me like you should
fuck me good suck me good
we be them stud niggas
wishin you was niggas
poppin like we drug dealers
simply cuz she bug mackin
honey in the club me in the benz
i see a cutie tellin me to leave wit you and your friends
so if shorty wanna knock we knockin to this
and if shorty wanna rock we rockin to this
and if shorty wanna pop we poppin the cris
shorty wanna see the ice then i ice the wrist
city talk nelly listen
nelly talk city listen
when i fuck fly bitches
when i walk pay attention
see the ice on the wrist
niggas starin at the glist
honeys lookin no they wish
come on boo gimme kiss c'mon

if you wanna go and take a ride wit me
we're 3-wheelin in the 4 with the gold d's
oh why do i live this way
(hey) (must be the money)
if you wanna go and get high wit me
smoke an L in the back of the benzie
oh why must i feel this way
(hey) (must be the money)

if you wanna go and take a ride wit me
we're 3-wheelin in the 4 with the gold d's
oh why do i live this way
(hey) (must be the money)
if you wanna go and get high wit me
smoke an L in the back of the benzie
oh why must i feel this way
(hey) (must be the money)

(hey) (must be the money) x4
Smooth it out
This is a story about a drifter
Who waited for the worst while the best live 'cross town
Who never planned on having someday
Why me huh?!

Some get a little, and some get none
Some catch a bad one, and some leave the job half-done
I was one who never had and always mad
Never knew my dad, motherfuck the fag
Well anyway, I did pick-up, lift and click-up
See many stick-ups, 'cos niggas had the trigger hick-ups
I couldn't get a job, nappy hair was not allowed
My mother couldn't afford us all, she had to throw me out
I walked the strip, with just a clip, who wanna hit
Thank God I'm quick, I had to eat this money as good as spent
A 'do in braids, I wasn't paid enough
I kept 'em long 'cause I couldn't afford a hair-cut
I got laughed at, I got jumped, I got dissed
I got upset, I got a tick and a banana clip
With down the flow, don't let them any dealin' tackhead
A celebate rope, so a lotta good it woulda did
Or done, if not bad luck I would have none
Why did I have to live the life of such a bad one
Why when I was a kid and played I was the sad one
And always wanted to live like this or that one

Chorus

A ghetto bastard, born next to the projects
Livin' in the slums with bums I said now why Treach
Do I have to be like this, mama said I'm priceless
So I am, I'm worthless, starvin', that's just what being nice gets
Sometimes I wish I could afford a pistol then though
To stop the hell, I woulda ended things a while ago
I ain't have jack, but a black hat and knap-sack
War scars, stolen cars and a blackjack
Drop that, and now you want me to rap and give
Say something positive, well positive ain't where I live
I live right around the corner from west hell
Two blocks from south shit, and once in a jail cell
The sun never shine on my side of the street see
And only once or twice a week I would speak
I walked alone, my state of mind was home sweet home
I couldn't keep a girl, they wanted kids and cars with chrome
Some life, if you ain't wearin' gold, your style was old
And you got more juice and dope for every bottle sold
Hell no, I say there's gotta be a better way
But hey, never gamble in a game that you can't play
I'm gonna flaunt it, gonna know when, know when and not now
How will I do it, how will I make it, I won't, that's how
Why me huh

Chorus

My third year to adulthood, still a knucklehead
I'm better off dead, huh, that's what my neighbor said
I don't do jack but fightin' lightin' up the streets at night
Playing hide-and-seek with a machete, sets of Freddie's spikes
Some say I'm all in all, nothing but a dog now
I answer that with a fuck you and a bow-wow
'Cause I done been through more shit within the last week
Than the fly flowin' in doo-doo on a concrete
I've been a dead beat, dead to the world and dead wrong
Since I was born, that's my life, oh you don't know this song
So don't say jack, and please don't say you understand
All that man-to-man talk can walk, damn
If you ain't live it, you couldn't feel, so fill it skillet
All that talk about it won't help it out, now will it
In Illtown, feel like you stuck up, propped, and shot
Don't worry, he got hit by a flurry and this punk ass dropped
But I'm the one who has been labaled as an outcast
They teach in school some of the misfits I will outlast
But that's cool, with the fool smack 'im backwards
That's what you get when you're fuckin' with the ghetto bastard

If you ain't never been to the ghetto
Don't ever come to the ghetto
'Cause you wouldn't understand the ghetto
So stay the fuck out of the ghetto
Why me, Why me
You got them funny ass colors on
Take them off
If you in the club with ice on
we taken em
I thought you was a gangster
Nigga you better shake it off (what) sha, sha, shake it off
Or get banged on

[The Game]
Gettin' my Bang on
Red strings on
Lue vaton kicks, Lue vaton frames on
Lue vaton belt holdin' the 4,5
You know who I am bitch
I'm Mr. Westside

[Daz]
This west west, It's nothin
Get your pistols, get your flags
Gangsters, we let us have?
We cock it back and blast
Like booyaka booyaka
We lay the party down
Ga, Ga, Game Dog Pound

[The Game]
Everybodddyyy Geettt dooowwnnn

[Kurupt]
Punk nigga, I nurture and breed
I aint never gaved a f**k bout a bitch's needs
And bitch niggas try to invade our town
I'mma lay them down
Spray the K and get out

[The Game]
Say goodbye to the 6,4
Hello to the 6 tray
He aint never seen hydraulics
Look at his bitch face
Up..Down, now watch my shit scrape
Daz call Snoop Imma Crip walk to get Dre
And Blood bounce back, heat on the track
Dribble rock like Wade and bounce like Shaq
Trow an O' in a pot and watch it bounce right back
Like that, Like that, Like that

You got them funny ass colors on
Take them off
If you in the club with ice on
we taken em
I thought you was a gangster
Nigga you better shake it off (what) sha, sha, shake it off
Or get banged on

[Daz]
We street connected
Respect that I get is pathetic
When I did it, I must of admit it a nigga gon rep it
Lil homies around here constantly on smash mode
Lil niggas with pistols just blowin out our assholes
this is how we givin'??
The culture is how we livin
Fresh out the hospital or fresh out the prison
Real niggas for life, the rules of the G


NWA got the D.R.E

[The Game]
We not S.T.A.R.'s
We don't put stars on our shoes bitch
We put the whole car on the shoes?
We don't wanna see my car on the news
I set it off like Queen Latifah
Red Beam on the lina

[Kurupt]
Bang out
Trippin in trafic, dippin the classics
Dippin the classics, Whippin that asses
Hood niggas ready to get it
Your bitch can get it
'cause I know she'll suck a dick in less then a minute
'cause imma have to show them where the house at
Two milli mac's,
Semi Automatic situation on clap, In the back with a sac
Cadillac all black like this and like that
Bang, Broken like glass and plastic
Bang out on them with a mask on plastic
We got access to mask and plastic's?
Purchase last week
DPGC

You got them funny ass colors on
Take them off
If you in the club with ice on
we taken em
I thought you was a gangster
Nigga you better shake it off (what) sha, sha, shake it off
Or get banged on

[The Game]Here come out them out of town niggas
What up Blood
[Kurupt]What up 'cause
They don't even know Tupac first album was
[The Game]Should I tell them Blood?
[Kurupt]Naw, f**k em loc
[The Game]Me amd Kurupt 3 weelin' on then
Hundred spokes
[Kurupt]Gas, Brake, Bounce and scrape
[The Game]Run up in the 6,4 see the AK
*bang* Like Easy
*bang* Like Dre
*bang* Like Snoop
*bang* In LA
*bang* Like Crips and Blood from that one?
Where Bath and ape Hoodie get strip in a club?
Like a bitch in a club, Watch em strip in a club
You like ice creams, Get a banana split in a club
No Jewelery, you cant wear shit in the club
And that goes for every nigga and bitch in the club
So you better take it off before you get in the club
Game and Dogg Pound outside sittin' on dubs
Remember that

You got them funny ass colors on
Take them off
If you in the club with ice on
we taken em
I thought you was a gangster
Nigga you better shake it off (what) sha, sha, shake it off
Or get banged on
Intro: Lettin niggas talk that New York New York shit
what the fucks the deal?
no doubt motherfucker, what the fucks the deal man
faggot ass niggas, niggas in New York be lettin niggas shit on em
frontin ass niggas
first you drinkin snapple now you drinkin Moe
cuz you livin aint no reason for you to be shittin faggot
Word...Go getcha guns

Some nights I wake up out my sleep blastin
get some water for my aspirin
my life fashion, gold chains guns and cashin
Im askin do I got to be king of action
fuck a playa fame New York is still the same
a Queens thang
representin Flush reigns supreme
its a scheme over power ya team wit cream
man you sensitive, how you let these cats shit on your residence
with fake robberies, who shot who wit no evidence
Im bringin it, tired of niggas sittin back and seein it
scape thru the light penetrate streets is trife
representin from the lands of the guns and good smoke
heavy shines, poppin them lines and cut throats
dont provoke and getcha team smoke for broke and no joke
you just a boy you not bad enough to compete wit challengers
bustin off the guns wit the silencers
Word....New York New York big city of dreams
Comin from Queens, where we dont get caught up in between
wit the nonsense, all these pussy niggas actin sex
takin off your chest, bring it to the desert where I rest
south east to west, bustin straight slugs thru your vest

Chorus
Worldwide worldwide wherever people startin
keep your mind on Queens when the dog starts barkin

Verse 2
Its time to dead your whole situation
New York is full of murderers, guns and court cases
baggin wit razors bring me no-chaser
that be that wasteland flavor
its major, vibratin thru the states like a pager
whose the one to blame
when you get stuck for gold chains
shootin close range, half of these niggas died in the game
its a city game, blastin at cops by all means
keep it real thru out Queens
catchin jooks for cream
on the tap phone, fuckin wit niggas thats far from home
G-S's chrome, makin power moves like Capone
shits zone fuckin wit nigga Flush holds his own
guarnateed to blow, puffin on trees do I go
way low, kidnappin children for dough thats how it go
place a criminal minds traces are hard to find
to commit crime, half of these niggas is droppin dimes
here the time, blowin your block just like a mine
Flushing design, keep my neck flooded wit shine
im out to get it, you billed somethin sweet
go getcha heat and your peeps
and findin body parts on the streets

Chorus
[Q-Tip]
Back in the days when I was a teenager
Before I had status and before I had a pager
You could find the Abstract listening to hip hop
My pops used to say, it reminded him of be-bop
I said, well daddy don't you know that things go in cycles
The way that Bobby Brown is just ampin like Michael
Its all expected, things are for the lookin
If you got the money, Quest is for the bookin
Come on everybody, let's get with the fly modes
Still got room on the truck, load the back boom
Listen to the rhyme, to get a mental picture
of this black man, through black woman victim
Why do I say that, cuz I gotta speak the truth man
Doing what we feel for the music is the proof and
Planted on the ground, the act is so together
Bonafied strong, you need leverage to sever
The unit, yes, the unit, yes, the unit called the jazz is
deliberatley cheered LP filled with streeet goods
You can find it on the rack in your record store (store)
If you get the record, then your thoughts are adored
and appreciated, cause we're ever so glad we made it
We work hard, so we gotta thank God
Dishin out the plastic, do the dance till you spastic
If you dis... it gets drastic
Listen to the rhymes, cuz its time to make gravy
If it moves your booty, then shake, shake it baby
All the way to Africa a.k.a. The Motherland (uh)
Stick out the left, then I'll ask for the other hand
That's the right hand, Black Man (man)
Only if you was noted as my man (man)
If I get the credit, then I'll think I deserve it
If you fake moves, don't fix your mouth to word it
Get in the zone of positivity, not negativity
Cuz we gotta strive for longevity
If you botch up, what's in that (ass) (what?)
A pair of Nikes, size ten-and-a-half (come on, come on)

Chorus:

We gotta make moves
Never, ever, ever could we fake moves (come on, come on) (4X)

"Time.. time is a ship on a merciless sea
Drifting toward an average of nothingness
Until it can be retarded for it's own destiny
TIME is an inanimate object
Praying and praying and praying for ??
Time is DANCING, moving lingering all memories of past.."
- The Last Poets

You gotta be a winner all the time
Can't fall prey to a hip hop crime
With the dope raps and dope tracks for you for blocks
From the fly girlies to the hardest of the rocks
Musically the Quest, is on the rise
We on these Excursions so you must realize
that continually, I pop my Zulu
If you don't like it, get off the Zulu tip
So what could you do in the times which exist
You can't fake moves on your brother or your sis
But if your sis is a (bitch), brother is a jerk
Leave 'em both alone and continue with your work
Whatever it may be in today's society
Everything is fair, at least that how it seems to me
You must be honest and true to the next
Don't be phony and expect one not to flex
Especially if you rhyme, you have to live by the pen
Your man is your man, then treat him like your friend
All it is, is the code of the streets
So listen to the knowledge bein dropped over beats
Beats that are hard, beats that are funky
It could get you hooked like a crackhead junkie
What you gotta do to is know that the Tribe is in the sphere
The Abstract Poet, prominent like Shakespeare

Chorus

Edgar Allan Poe, it don't stop (uh!)

"Time is running out on black power Africans today
and whites blacks and reporters at night
Everytime you see them ?? with their tongues hangin out
Time is running and past and passing and running
Running and past and passing and running (excursions)"
Wella, oh yeah
Wella, oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah.

Do you know that this little girl of mine
I want you people to know
This little girl of mine
I take her everywhere I go.

One day I looked at my suit
My suit was new
I looked at my shoes
And they were too.

And that's why I, I, I, I,
Oh, I love that little girl of mine.

Oh do you know that this little girl of mine
Makes me happy when I'm sad
This little girl of mine
Loves me, even when I'm bad.

She knows how to love me
Right down to her teeth
If she does any wrong,
You know she keeps it from me.

And that's why I, I, I, I,
Oh, I love that little girl of mine.

Do you know that this little girl of mine
Called me last night about eight
This little girl of mine
Told me that we had a date.

She said that she'd meet me
At a quarter to nine
Believe it or not,
But she was right on time.

And that's why I, I, I, I,
Oh, I love that little girl of mine.

Do you know that this little girl of mine
Knows how to dress so neat
This little girl of mine
Stops the traffic on the street.

When the fellas start whistling,
Well, I don't mind
I can't blame them,
'Cause she is fine.

And that's why I, I, I, I,
Oh, I love that little girl of mine.

And that's why I, I, I, I,
Oh, I love that little girl of mine...
Think (think) think (think) think (think) think (think)
You think (think) think (think) think about it
You better think (think) think about what you're trying to do to me
Yeah, think (think, think), let your mind go, let yourself be free
Let's go back, let's go back, let's go way on back when
I didn't even know you, you couldn't have been too much more than ten
I ain't no psychiatrist, I ain't no doctor with a degree
It don't take too much high IQ's to see what you're doing to me
You better think (think) think about what you're trying to do to me
Yeah, think (think, think), let your mind go, let yourself be free

Oh freedom (freedom), freedom (freedom), freedom, yeah freedom
Freedom (freedom), freedom (freedom), freedom, oh freedom


Hey, think about it
You, think about it

There ain't nothing you could ask I could answer you but I won't (I won't)
I was gonna change, but I'm not, to keep doing things I don't
Hey think about what you're trying to do to me
Baby, think, let your mind go, let yourself be free


People walking around everyday, playing games that they can score
Trying to make other people lose their minds, be careful you don't lose yours


Yeah think (think) think about what you're trying to do to me
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (think, think), let your mind go, let yourself be free


You need me (need me) and I need you (don't you know)
Without eachother there ain't nothing people can do
Yeah yeah, think about me (what you're trying to do to me)
'Till the fall of the night, think about it right now


Oh freedom (freedom), freedom (freedom), freedom, yeah freedom
Freedom (freedom), freedom (freedom), freedom, freedom


Hey, you, think about it

There ain't nothing you could ask I could answer you but I won't (I won't)
I was gonna change, but I'm not, if you keep doing things I don't


Yeah (think) think about what you're trying to do to me
Baby, think (think, think), let your mind go, let yourself be free


You need me (need me) and I need you (don't you know)
Without eachother there ain't nothing people can do


Yeah yeah, think about me (what you're trying to do to me)
'Till the fall of the night, think about it baby
(Think about - ah me, think about - ah me, think about - ah me, think about it)
(Think about - ah me, think about - ah me, think about - ah me, think about it)
(Think about - ah me, think about - ah me, think about - ah me, think about it)
(Think about - ah me, think about - ah me, think about - ah me, think about it)
You had better stop and think before you think
Think!
Verse One: Humpty Hump (Shock G)

All right!
Stop whatcha doin'
'cause I'm about to ruin
the image and the style that ya used to.
I look funny,
but yo I'm makin' money, see
so yo world I hope you're ready for me.
Now gather round
I'm the new fool in town
and my sound's laid down by the Underground.
I drink up all the Hennessey ya got on ya shelf
so just let me introduce myself
My name is Humpty, pronounced with a Umpty.
Yo ladies, oh how I like to funk thee.
And all the rappers in the top ten--please allow me to bump thee.
I'm steppin' tall, y'all,
and just like Humpty Dumpty
you're gonna fall when the stereos pump me.
I like to rhyme,
I like my beats funky,
I'm spunky. I like my oatmeal lumpy.
I'm sick wit dis, straight gangsta mack
but sometimes I get ridiculous
I'll eat up all your crackers and your licorice
hey yo fat girl, c'mere--are ya ticklish?
Yeah, I called ya fat.
Look at me, I'm skinny
It never stopped me from gettin' busy
I'm a freak
I like the girls with the boom
I once got busy in a Burger King bathroom
I'm crazy.
Allow me to amaze thee.
They say I'm ugly but it just don't faze me.
I'm still gettin' in the girls' pants
and I even got my own dance

{Chorus:}
The Humpty Dance is your chance to do the hump
Do the Humpty Hump, come on and do the Humpty Hump
Do the Humpty Hump, just watch me do the Humpty Hump
Do ya know what I'm doin', doin' the Humpty Hump
Do the Humpty Hump, do the Humpty Hump

Verse Two:

People say "Yo, Humpty, you're really funny lookin"
that's all right 'cause I get things cookin'
Ya stare, ya glare, ya constantly try to compare me
but ya can't get near me
I give 'em more, see, and on the floor, B,
all the girls they adore me
Oh yes, ladies, I'm really bein' sincere
'cause in a 69 my humpty nose will tickle ya rear.
My nose is big, uh-uh I'm not ashamed
Big like a pickle, I'm still gettin' paid
I get laid by the ladies, ya know I'm in charge,
both how I'm livin' and my nose is large
I get stupid, I shoot an arrow like Cupid,
I use a word that don't mean nothin', like looptid
I sang on Doowhutchalike, and if ya missed it,
I'm the one who said just grab 'em in the biscuits
Also told ya that I like to bite
Well, yeah, I guess it's obvious, I also like to write.
All ya had to do was give Humpty a chance
and now I'm gonna do my dance.

{Chorus}

Breakdown:

Oh, yeah, that's the break, y'all
Let me hear a little bit of that bass groove right here
Oh, yeah!
Now that I told ya a little bit about myself
let me tell ya a little bit about this dance
It's real easy to do--check it out

Verse Three:

First I limp to the side like my leg was broken
Shakin' and twitchin' kinda like I was smokin'
Crazy wack funky
People say ya look like M.C. Hammer on crack, Humpty
That's all right 'cause my body's in motion
It's supposed to look like a fit or a convulsion
Anyone can play this game
This is my dance, y'all, Humpty Hump's my name
No two people will do it the same
Ya got it down when ya appear to be in pain
Humpin', funkin', jumpin',
jig around, shakin' ya rump,
and when the dude a chump pump points a finger like a stump
tell him step off, I'm doin' my Hump.

{Chorus}

Black people, do the Humpty Hump, do the Humpty Hump
White people, do the Humpty Hump, do the Humpty Hump
Puerto Ricans, do the Humpty Hump, just keep on doin' the hump
Samoans, do the Humpty Hump, do the Humpty Hump

Let's get stoopid!

{Chorus}

Oh, yeah, come on and break it down

Outro:

Once again, the Underground is in the house
I'd like to send a shout out to the whole world,
keep on doin' the Humpty Dance,
and to the ladies,
peace and humptiness forever

{Music and fade}
[Ricky Walters]
Ladies and gentlemen... and lowlifes
It is with outstanding pleasure
that we are here to present tonight...
Slick Rick the Ruler! And MC Ricky D!!
Doing their smash hit "Mona Lisa "
you know like the picture?
Anyway I'd like to take this time out
to bow before his divine majesty

[Ricky] Oh your majesty...
[Slick] Hmm?
[Ricky] Can I kiss your hand?
[Slick] Mm hmm
[Ricky] (kisses his hand loudly)
[Slick] Enough!
[Ricky] Come your highness.. they await you..

[Slick Rick]
Well, it was one of those days -- not much to do
I was chillin downtown, with my old school crew
I went into a store -- to buy a slice of pizza
And bumped into a girl, her name was Mona -- what?
Mona Lisa (what?) *singing* Mona Lisa, so men made you..
YouknowhatI'msayin? So I said, "Excuse me, dear
my gosh, you look nice!
Put away your money
I'll buy that slice!"
She said, "Thanks - I'd rather a slice of you
I'm just kidding, but that's awfully nice of you"
The compliment showed she had a mind in her
And when I smiled (PING!) I almost blinded her
She said, "Great Scott! Are you a thief?
Seems like you have a mouth full of gold teeth"
Ha-ha, hah! Had to find that funny
So I said, "No child, I work hard for the money
And calling me a thief? Please! Don't even try it (Right!)
Sit down eat your slice of pizza, and be quiet"
She almost got cut short -- you know, scissors
She tried to disrespect WHO?! The Grand Wizard
Me! "Well what's your name, son?"
"MC Ricky D," but not to be so harsh I said to Mona Li-hee
"I'm.. sorry and I know that's low class (uhh, yeah)
Please sit, and tell me a little about your past"
She said, "Well I got courage, and I don't like porridge (uh-huh)
I've never been to college, but I've got crazy knowledge (uh-huh)
Over eighteen and my eyes are green (uh-huh)
I wear more gold than that man on A-Team (uh-huh, uh-huh)
Trim, slim, (yeah) and I'm also light skinned
Best believe Mona's a virgin"
A virgin?! Honey needed a slap
She tried to tell me she's a virgin -- with her yea wide gap
I said, "It don't matter, see, I'm not picky (word)
Let me spell my name out for you, it's Ricky:
R -- Ravishing
I -- Impress
C -- Courageous; so careless
K -- for the Kangols which I've got
that I wear everyday and
Y -- why not?
To fight's not right that I recite and I'm..
quite polite like Walter Cronkite"
Well, just about then, Trevor my friend came in
He said, "Hey Rick, don't you know playin with these snakes is a sin?!?"
He grabbed me by my shirt and pulled me right out the store
He said, "I don't want to see you playin with these lowlifes no more!
Now come along, we have a party to attend
With some real mature women and some more of her friends"
He hailed down a cab and he waited for a minute
And as the cab came, he thrusted me in it!
And as we were leavin and drivin along
I could hear a melody as Mona sang a song

(excerpt from "Walk On By" [D. Warwick])
"If you see me walking down the street
And I start to cry.. each time we meet..
Walk on by.. walk on by..
Foolish pride
That's all that I have left, so, let me hide
The pain and the hurt that you gave me
When you said goodbye..
You walked on by.."
Chorus: E-40 and 'Hoes'

Ah is a, Ah is a, Should I save her?
[Big Boi]
February 1st, 1975 it happened
Was born in West Savannah way before I started rappin
My mamma had a nigga at the age of fifteen
My daddy was sellin that sack, now he's gots responsibilities
Stayed at me granny's while me mammy was at work
and she couldn't watch my every move so shit I started servin
Around Frazier Home, down in the West Side projects
Changin over foodstamps, and hittin a lick was next see
I'm just a playa like that, my jeans was sharply creased
I got a fresh white t-shirt and my cap is slightly pointed East
So flyin, or floatin, a Brougham is what I'm sportin
Sade is in my tape deck, I'm movin in slow motion boi
So meet me deep in the streets that's where I learned the capers
Us lickin blunts, lickin leaves, rollin reefer papers
I'm slightly slouched, in the seats off in my bucket
But the niggaz around the Ave. and the hoes, they love me
They wanna be me and my family too
Because the money that I make be puttin cable off in every room
So follow the beans, follow my lead through the nooks and crannies
It's everyday life off in my hood so come and holla at me
But go 'head on, with that foolishness bitch
Let me get lovely with my swerve because I'm true to this shit
And if you comin with eight dollars, you shit out of luck
Because the West Side ain't takin no shorts on the dime
So fire it up

Chorus:

Now now now nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(like that now, like this, and it don't quit, and it don't stop)
Nine in my hand, oune in my crotch
Diggin the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(and it don't stop, and it don't quit, it's like that and ah)

See, niggaz in the South wear gold teeth and gold chains
Been doin it for years, so these niggaz ain't gone change
They comin around the ghetto so you might call em soul
Been wearin furry Kangol's, so that shit is old
You might slang a rock or two just to pay the rent
Five dollars for a table dance so now your money's spent
You listen to that booty shake music in your trunk
as long as there's that "tic tic" followed by that bump
I'm down to stick a hoe if she got a G-strang
Cause the niggaz in the Pointe ain't changed, main
You might call us country, but we's only Southern
And I don't give a fuck, P-Funk spot to spark another

Chorus w/ variations (repeat to end)
Can you feel it
Nothin' can save ya
For this is the seaon of catchin' the vpors
And since I got time, what I'm gonna do
Is tell ya how to spread it throughout my crew
Wel you all know TJ Swan who sang on my records
Made the music, &amp;amp;quot;Nobody Beats the Biz&amp;amp;quot;
Well, check it
Back in the days before this began
He usually tried to talk to this girl name Fran
The type of female with fly Gucci wear
With big trunk jewelry and extensions in her hair
When Swan tried to kick it, she always fessed
Talkin' about &amp;amp;quot;Nigger, please, you work for UPS&amp;amp;quot;
Since he wasn't no type of big drug dealer
My man TJ Swan didn't appeal to her
But now he trucks gold and wears fly Valley boots
Rough leather fashions and tough silk suits
Now she stop frontin' an' wants to speak
And be comin' to all the shows
Every single weekend
To get his beeper number, she'd be beggin' please
Dyin' for the day to get skeezed

She caught the vapors (4X)

I got another partner that's calm and plain
He goes by the name of the Big Daddy Kane
A mellow type of fellow that's laid back
Back in the days, he was nothin' like that
I remember when he used to fight every day
What grown-ups would tell him he would never obey
He wore his pants hangin' down and his sneakers untied
And a rasta-type Kango tilted to the side
Around his neighborhood, people treated him bad
And said he was the worst thing his mom's ever had
They said that he will grow up to be nothin' but a hoodlum
Or either injail or someone would shoot him
But now he's grown up, to their surprise
Big Daddy got a hit record sellin' worldwide
Now the same people that didn't like him as a child be sayin'
Can I borrow a dollar, ooh, you're a star now

They caught the vapors (4X)

Now I got a cousin by the name of Von Lee
Better known to y'all as Cutmaster Cool V
He cuts scratch, transform with finesse
...(cuts and scratches)...and all that mess
Well I remember when he first started to rock
And tried to get his job in a record shop
He was in it to win it but the boss fronted
Said, &amp;amp;quot;Sorry Mr. Lee, but there's no help wanted&amp;amp;quot;
Now my cousin Von still tried on and on and on
'Til the like break of dawn
To put this j-o-b in effect
But they'd look right past him and be like &amp;amp;quot;next&amp;amp;quot;
Now for the year of '88
Cool V is makin' dollars so my cousin's like straight
He walks into the same record shop as before
And the boss'll be like, &amp;amp;quot;Von, welcome to my store&amp;amp;quot;
Offerin' him a job but naw, he don't want it
Damn it feels goo to see people up on it
'Cause I remember when at first they wasn't
Now guess what they caught from my cousin
The vapors

They caught the vapors (4X)

Last subject of the story is about Biz Mark
I had to work for mine to put your body in park
When I was a teenager, I wanted to be down
With a lot of M.C.-deejayin' crews in town
So in school on Nobel Street, I say &amp;amp;quot;Can I be down, champ&amp;amp;quot;
They said no and treated me like a wet food stamp
After gettin' rejected, I was very depressed
Sat and wrote some def doo-doo rhymes at my rest
When I used to come to parties they'd make me pay
I'd have to beg to get on the mike and rap that day
I was never into girls, I was just into my music
They acted like I wanted to keep it
Instead of tryin' to use it
But now things switched without belief
&amp;amp;quot;Yo, Biz, do you remember me from Nober Street, chief?
We used to be down back in the days&amp;amp;quot;
It happens all the time and never ceases to amaze

They caught the vapors (4X)
-Artist: Nat King Cole
-peak Billboard position # 11 in 1956
-Words by Sammy Gallop and Music by Chester Conn


Night lights, those blues-in-the-night lights
Are no longer bright lights since I'm without you
Sweet dreams, oh where did they fly to?
You're gone and who can I cry to?

Those night lights remind me of bright eyes
And beautiful white lies too good to be true
As I go on my way with all my heart I pray
That those night lights will lead me to you

&amp;amp;lt;instrumental interlude&amp;amp;gt;

Those night lights remind me of bright eyes
And beautiful white lies too good to be true
As I go on my way with all my heart I pray
That those night lights will lead me to you
[Chorus]
It's only right that I address this.
Gotta be in it to win it.
I never come lame type chillin in the game.
Now get busy

[Verse One]
Raised by game
Where niggas ain't fazed by fame.
Come to the crib, get banged, they take your chain.
Stay in your lane
Broke back ain't the way of the game.
My brainstorm is like I stay in the ring.
My favorite was Kane, now I'm dope with weight in the game
You was hot but can't stay in the rain.
Ghetto pain and windows crack.
The fist is like a symbol for black
Can tell the real by how the interact
In the middle of whack my soul stick to a track
Kickback records get kicked to the back
I want big cribs and my man Ronnie to get his
Child in a good school and know what her gift is
It's global warming, the world is shifting
Watching Sweet Sixteen, Bithin-ass rich kids
You know, I know I gotta go the distance
Whether yoga or doja, we all get lifted in the game.

[Chorus]

[Verse Two]
I never kissed that ass of the masters
I'm the black molasses
Thick and I last
Pass these rat bastards
They try to box me in like gaseous clay
Hey I'm like Muhammad when he fasted
Opposing the fascist

Got cuts and got gashes, scratches over third eyelashes
Punchlines are like jab pits to rappers
Whose careers now ashes
It's too many slashes in their name
Came in the game
From weak lines to clothing lines to an actress
I seen em dashing smash hits
I yell run nigga run
While I cook up classics
The weak hearted, become Babylon puppets
Making it hard for real hustlas
Touch the sky now and then, with a lady friend
Give thanks to the most that's how the day begins in the game.

[Chorus]

[Verse Three]
I just wanna be like Akeelah, an achiever
from the streets of the Chi where some get high for leisure
Selling weed out of cleaners
From rocks to barber shops and beamers
Chicks with blond weaves and strong legs like Serena
The demeanor of the Ghetto, to never stay settled
Aldermen and corrupt men play Pharaoh
Good bring business to the hood like Harold's
Find your own, walking by themselves in the street
The young die of cancer
I stopped eating meat
Greet the gods on 87th street like peace
Even though it's , got em facing the east
The game ain't tasting as sweet
Cats flow is still, and his compliance with beats
My radio station is deep , so eff em
Progression, counting paper and blessings in the game
It takes two to make a thing go right
It takes two to make it outta sight
Hit it!

I wanna rock right now
I'm Rob Base and I came to get down
I'm not internationally known
But I'm known to rock the microphone
Because I get stoopid, I mean outrageous
Stay away from me if you're contagious
'Cause I'm the winner, no, I'm not the loser
To be an M.C. is what I choose 'a
Ladies love me, girls adore me
I mean even the ones who never saw me
Like the way that I rhyme at a show
The reason why, man, I don't know
So let's go, 'cause

It takes two to make a thing go right
It takes two to make it outta sight
Hit it!

My name is Rob, I gotta real funky concept
Listen up, 'cause I'm gonna keep you in step
I got an idea
That I wanna share
You don't like it? So what, I don't care
I'm number one, the uno, I like comp
Bring all the suckers 'cause all them I'll stomp
Bold and black but I won't protect
All of my followers 'cause all I want is respect
I'm not a doctor, put them in rapture
A slick brother that can easy outfox ya
Cause I'm Rob, the last name Base, yeah
And on the mike, I'm known to be the freshest
So let's start, it shouldn't be too hard
I'm not a sucker so I don't need a bodyguard
I won't fess, wear a bulletproof vest
Don't smoke buddha, can't stand sess, yes

It takes two to make a thing go right
It takes two to make it outta sight
Hit it!

The situation that the Base is in
I'm kinda stingy that's why I don't wanna lend
A funky rhyme to a foe or a good friend
But listen up 'cause I want you to comprehend
'Cause I'm the leader, the man superior
I take care of ya and then ya get wearier
So just sit, my rhymes arenot counterfeit
The record sells which makes this one a hit
It won't hurt to listen to Red Alert
Take off your shirt
Make sure it don't hit the dirt
I like the kids--the guys, the girls
I want the ducats 'cause this is Rob Base's world
I'm on a mission, ya better just listen
To my rhymes 'cause I'm all about dissin'
'Cause

It takes two to make a thing go right
It takes two to make it outta sight
Hit it!

I stand alone, don't need anyone
'Cause I'm Rob, just came ot have fun
Don't need friends that act like foes
'Cause I'm Rob Base, the one who knows
About things that make ya get weary
Don't cheer me, just hear me
Out 'cause I got the clout--shout (Ho!)
Before I turn the party out
I won't stutter--
Project my voice, speak clearly
So you can be my choice
On stage or on record
Go to the Wiz and select it
Take it off the rack, if it's wack put it back
I like the Whopper, fuck the Big Mac
If you want static, so let's go
So, throw upyour hands
Go for what you know
Bro', I got an ego
Yo, talkin' to me? No
Oh
'Cause Rob is in the front, EZ Rock is on the Back up
We're not soft, soyou better just slack up
'Cause I'm cool, calm just like a breeze
Rock the mike with the help of EZ
Rock on the set, the music plays
Only cuts the records that I say

It takes two to make a thing go right
It takes two to make it outta sight
Hit it!

All right, now, EZ Rock
now, when I count to three
I want you ot get busy
You ready now?
One, two, three, get loose now!

It takes two to make a thing go right
It takes two to make it outta sight
Hit it!
[Intro: Mos Def]
Hello Children

[Chorus 1: Mos Def]
Black Jack Johnson N.Y.C., R-O-C-K-I-N-G
Sun and the moon, earths, stars, and planets
Before song done y'all goin' all understand it

[Verse 1: Mos Def]
Like - Hot
The haters can't fuck with it
'Cause they mom and they sister and girl in love with
it (and they niggaz)
Sound man holla black COME WITH IT
Sping the record 'till the record done spinning
Up top is you getting up with it?
Dirty dirty is you getting cronk with it?
Smokey smoke from coast to coast
Be carefull our first draw be that overdose
Who stay holding it from Brooklyn? YOU KNOW IS MOS!
Ha, Jackpot I (Sing yo) got to go for broke
Is this the only way the Smith Family now to go
Right here to my youngest one is older folks
Im'ma put down like a dirty so and so
Freak daddy came here to work the mojo - oh
Because the - high is high and the low is low
And that goes for the sinner man to holy folks
Put your shit in the sky like I know you - oh
(Brooklyn stand up!)
Ha, my ghetto nation get toe to toe
Stay rocking steady steady 'cause I told you so
And after y'all get it go I let it go some more
That Black Jack about something for sure) for sure
(SAY WHAT!)
For sure for sure (HA!)
Let me see you in the world making your shoulder role
And if it get good tell your nigga throw your 'bows

[Chorus 2: Mos Def]
'Cause we are so ghetto
Yes we are rock and roll
Yes we are so ghetto
Yes we are rock and roll
Yes we are so ghetto
Yes we are rock and roll
Yes we are so ghetto
Yes we are - rock and motherfucking roll (WOOOO!)

[Verse 2: Mos Def]
Ha, I am a fighter and a lover
I'm the freaky baby daddy, I'm a bad motherfucker
I'm the earth, wind, fire, and the thunder
I said I am, go ask my mother
You don't believe that shit believe what you want to
Alright, OK, So, Shut-up!
Speak language come straight from the gutter
Observe the terms that we trade with one and other
Like - what's good, what's popping, what's cracking
What it is, how you living, what's happening
Work songs that the slaves sang back then
The playground chants, with little girls claping

[Chorus 2: Mos Def + (Girls chanting)]
Black John Johnson N.Y.C., R-O-C-K-I-N-G
Son and the moon, earths, stars, and planets
Before the song done y'all going all understand it
Black John Johnson N.Y.C., R-O-C-K-I-N-G
Son and the moon, earths stars and planets
Before the song done y'all going all understand it

[Outro: Mos Def]
SPACE!
GIMME THE SPACE!
BACK UP, GIMME THE SPACE!!!
LET A NIGGA ROCK!
GIMME THE SPACE!
LET A NIGGA ROCK!
LET A NIGGA ROCK, HA!
This is the sound
Ghettos rock
This is the sound
Ghettos rock
This is the sound
Ghettos rock
This is the sound
Ghettos rock
This is the sound
Ghettos rock
This is the sound
Ghettos rock and - MOTHERFUCKING ROLLLLLLLLL!
[Intro]
Big Zoo, uh
Technique, uh
Positive balances, uh, uh

[Verse 1 - Big Zoo]
Pound for pound
I'm the most positive when I bust mine
The Zoo adds on like a plus sign
Addition, that's the key in the ignition
With no pause, I propel to pole position (Vroom!)
Ahead of the pack, light years ahead of the wack
I give a fiend a Good Book, instead of the crack
That's the gold mine, negativity can't hold mine
The black bear's headed for the gold mine (look out, look out)
And then I'm positive as Showtime
I make negative MC's switch styles in no time
They change teams, rhyme about kings and queens
Instead of how they sellin' work to fiends
Then I, switch thugs into soldiers
Those that have given up on God to praise J Hova (Damn!)
The rap Ice Age is over
And positivity protects the Z boulder boulder

[Chorus - Immortal Technique w/Big Zoo ad-libs]
Yeah, you know how it goes, positivity, yeah
My opinion is solid ground but your a common hater
Splitting and dividing on numbers like a denominator
Third-eye navigator movements are necessary
Everything you see in videos is secondary
You need positivity like you need respect in jail
Because without balance you'll be making negative record sales
Neg-neg-negative record sales, ziga-zam, Technique, like this

[Verse 2 - Immortal Technique]
I jerk off inside books and give life to words
Leaving concepts stuck together you probably never heard (what?)
I love when people think I'm psychologically disturbed
Cause it means I overloaded their neurological nerves
Rappers try to serve me with disgusting incompetence
But I keep it positive with ultimate dominance
Meditating with Native Americans close to Providence
I speak to the spirits of ancestors at pow-wows
But rumor has it that you getting raped like Lil' Bow Wow
Now listen industry motherfuckers, don't get offended
Remember, that I'll bring an end to your pretender agenda
And render contenders dismembered, bend the fabric of time (what? what?)
And put your soul in a blender
You living a lie like thinking Jesus was born in December
Instead of catering to labels, something gotta give
I'll rip the electrons out your body and make you positive
I seen a lot of kids come and go with marketing gimmicks
Because without balance, you don't last more than a minute
This ain't a game, I'll beat the shit out you at the line of scrimmage
I rock shows in the ghetto, nigga you stuck in the village
I wanted to spit on the radio since I was eleven
But I can't afford the pay-ola for Hot 97's
So I make paper underground, and I'm soon to blow
Moving tapes like Biggie's ghost at Bad Boy studios
*Biggie - Hypnotize sample*

[Chorus]
You're my love, you're my angel
You're the girl of my dreams
I'd like to thank you for waiting patiently
Daddy's home, your daddy's home to stay

How I've waited for this moment
To be by your side
Your best friend wrote and told me
You had teardrops in your eyes
Daddy's home, your daddy's home to stay

It wasn't on a Sunday (Monday and Tuesday went by)
It wasn't on a Tuesday afternoon (all I could do was cry)
But I made a promise that you treasured
I made it back home to you

How I've waited for this moment
To be by your side
Your best friend wrote and told me
You had teardrops in your eyes
Daddy's home, your daddy's home to stay
Daddy's home to stay
I'm not a thousand miles away
Daddy's home to stay
I'm gonna be here come what may
Daddy's home to stay
Ludacris:
Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah
Give it to me now, give it to me now
Give it to me now, give it to me now

Shawna:
Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah
Give it to me now, give it to me now
Give it to me now

Chorus:
Ludacris &amp; Shawna (repeat 2x)
I wanna li li li lick you from your head to your toes
And I wanna move from the bed down to the down to the to the floor
Then I wanna ah ah you make it so good I don't wanna leave
But I gotta kno kno kno know wha what's your fan-ta-ta-sy

Ludacris:
I wanna get in the Georgia dome on the fifty yard line
When the dirty birds kick fo' three
And if you like it in the club we can do it
In the DJ booth or in the back of the VIP
Whip- cream with cherries and strawberries on top
Lick it don't stop
Keep the door locked, Don't knock
While the boat rock we go bots and
robots so they got to wait 'til the show stop
How 'bout on the beach with black sand
Lick up your thighs and call me the Pac Man
Table top or just give me a lap dance
The rock to the park to the point to the flat lands
That man named Ludacris (woo) in the public bathroom
Or in the back of a classroom
However you want it Luva Luva gonna tap that ass soon
See I cast 'em and I pass 'em get a tight grip and I grasp 'em
I flash 'em and out last 'em
And if it ain't good, then I trash 'em, while you stash 'em
I'll let 'em free
And tell me what they fantasy
like up on the roof, roof, tell your boyfriend not to be mad at me

Chorus:

Ludacris:
I wanna get you in the bath tub
With the candles lit, you give it up, 'til they go out
Or we can do it on stage of the Ludacris concert
'Cause you know it got sold out
Or red carpet dick could just roll out
Go 'head and scream, you can't hold out
We can do it in the pouring rain
Runnin' the train, when it's hot or when it's cold out
How 'bout in the library on top of books
But you can't be too loud
You wanna make a brother beg for it
Give me TLC 'cause you know I be too proud
We can do it in the white house
try to make them turn the lights out
Champaign with my campaign let me do the damn thing
What's my name, what's my name, what's my name,
Aww the sauna, jacuzzi
In the back row at the movie
You can scratch my back and rule me
You can push me or just pull me
On hay in the middle of the barn (woo),
rose pedals on the silk sheets, uh
Eating fresh fruits sweep yo woman right off her feet

Chorus:

Ludacris:
I wanna get you in the back seat, windows up
That's the way, you like to fuck
clogged up, fog alert
Rip the pants and rip the shirt
Ruff sex , make it hurt
In the garden,all in the dirt
Roll around, Georgia Brown, that's the way I like it twerk
Legs jerk, over worked, under-paid, but don't be afraid
In the sun or up in the shade
On the top of my Escalade
Maybe your girl and my friend can trade
Tag team, off the rope, on the ocean or in the boat
Factories, or on hundred spokes
What 'bout up in the candy sto', that chocolate chocolate, make it melt
Whips and chains, handcuffs, smack a little bootie up, with my belt
Scream HELP, play my game
Dracula man I'll get my fangs, horse back and I'll get my reins
School teacher let me get my brains
Chorus (repeat 4x):
I need to recruit all the soldiers
All of God's soldiers
We at war...
We at war with society, racism, terrorism
But most of all...we at war with ourselves

(Jesus walks)
God show me the way because the devil trying to break me down
(Jesus walks with me, with me, with me, with me, with me)

You know what the mid-west is?
Young and Restless
Where restless (niggas) might snatch your necklace
And next these (niggas) might jack your Lexus
Somebody tell these (niggas) who Kanye West is. HUH!

I walk through the valley where the shadow of death is.
Top floor of the view alone will leave you breathless
Try to catch it ... it's kind of hard
Getting choked by detectives yeah yeah now check the method.
They be asking us questions, harass and arrest us
Saying We eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast
Huh? Y'all eat pieces of shit what's the basis?
We ain't going no where but got suits and cases.
A trunk full of coke, rental car from Avis.
My momma used to say only Jesus can save us.
Well momma I know I act a fool
But I'll be gone til November. I got packs to move I hope.

Chorus (2x)
(Jesus walks)
God show me the way because the devil trying to break me down
(Jesus walks with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now.
(Jesus walks)
And I don't think there's nothing I can do to right my wrong
(Jesus walks with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid because we ain't spoke in so long
(I want Jesus)

To the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers even the strippers...
(Jesus walks with them!)
To the victims of welfare feel we living in hell here, hell yea...
(Jesus walks with them!)
Now hear ye hear ye wanna see thee more clearly
I know He hear me when my feet get weary
Cause we're the almost nearly extinct
We rappers is role models we rap we don't think
I ain't here to argue about his facial features
Or here to convert atheist into believers
I'm just trying to say the way school need teachers
The way Kathy Lee needed Regis that's the way I need Jesus
So here go my single dawg radio needs this
They said you can rap anything except for Jesus
That means guns, sex, lies, videotape
But if I talk bout God my record won't get played
Huh?
Well if this take away from my spins
Which will probably take away from my ends
Then I hope it take away from my sins
And bring the day that I'm dreamin 'bout
Next time I'm in the club everybody screaming out...

(Jesus walks)
God show me the way because the devil trying to break me down
(Jesus walks with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now.
(Jesus walks)
And I don't think there's nothing I can do to right my wrong
(Jesus walks with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid because we ain't spoke in so long
(I want Jesus)
Is it a physical reaction
A final loss of satisfaction
You never noticed, when you crossed the line
Yeah

You had me just there where you wanted
You took my charity for granted
You blew your second chance too many times
Yeah.

Baby, Youre a Big Boy
Dont cry for me
Im sick of being your toy
Cant play with me
Youve been putting me up
Youve been letting me down
Theres nothing left to destroy
For you - big boy

Never did anything to reach me
But when I ask you to unleash me
You tied me up and choked me even more
What for
Yeah
Here is your chain
I guess you find the door, once more

Baby, youre a Big Boy
Dont cry for me
Im sick of being your toy
Cant play with me
Youve been putting me up
Youve been letting me down
Theres nothing left to destroy
For you - big boy

Remember how you brought me flowers
Remember how you used to care
Now the flowers got thorns
Now you just care for yourself
And the paradise you gave me
Turned into to hell
There is no turning back
As a matter of fact
Its too late

Theres no way to stop me
Theres no way to lock me up
You cant stop me

Baby, Youre a Big Boy
Dont cry for me
Im sick of being your toy
Cant play with me
Youve been putting me up
Youve been letting me down
theres nothing left

Baby, Youre a Big Boy
Dont cry for me
Im sick of being your toy
Cant play with me
youve been putting me up
Youve been letting me down
Theres nothing left to destroy
Baby, youre a Big Boy
''Oh my god, Becky, look at her butt
It's is so big
She looks like one of those rap guy's girlfriends
(bitch ya know ahh)
Who understands those rap guys
They only talk to her because she looks like a total prostitute, ok?
I mean her butt
It's just so big
I can't believe it's just so round
It's like out there
I mean, gross
Look, she's just so... black''

I like big butts and I can not lie
You other brothers can't deny
That when a girl walks in with an itty-bitty waist
And a round thing in your face
You get sprung
Wanna pull up tough
Cuz you notice that butt was stuffed
Deep in the jeans she's wearing
I'm hooked and I can't stop staring
Oh, baby I wanna get wit'cha
And take your picture
My homeboys tried to warn me
But that butt you got makes (m-m-me so horny)
Ooh, rump of smooth skin
You say you wanna get in my Benz
Well use me, use me, 'cause you ain't that average groupie

I've seen her dancin'
To hell with romancin'
She's sweat, wet, got it goin' like a turbo 'Vette
I'm tired of magazines
saying flat butts are the thing
Take the average black man and ask him that
She gotta pack much back, so...
Fellas (yeah), fellas (yeah)
Has your girlfriend got the butt (hell yeah)
Tell them to shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it,
shake that healthy butt
Baby got back

(L.A. face with an Oakland booty)
Baby got back
(L.A. face with an Oakland booty)

I like 'em round and big
And when I'm throwin' a gig
I just can't help myself
I'm actin' like an animal
Now here's my scandal
I wanna get you home
And uh, double-up, uh, uh
I ain't talkin' bout Playboy
'cause silicone parts are made for toys
I want 'em real thick and juicy
So find that juicy double
Mixalot's in trouble
Beggin' for a piece of that bubble
So I'm lookin' at rock videos
Knock-kneed bimbos walkin' like ho's
You can have them bimbos
I'll keep my women like Flo Jo
A word to the thick soul sistas
I wanna get wit'cha
I won't cuss or hit ya
But I gotta be straight when I say I wanna (fuck)
Til the break of dawn
Baby got it goin' on
A lot of simps won't like this song
Because them punks like to hit it and quit it
And I'd rather stay and play
Cuz I'm long and I'm strong
And I'm down get the friction on
So ladies (yeah), ladies (yeah)
If you wanna role in my Mercedes? (yeah)
Then turn around
Stick it out
Even white boys got to shout
"Baby got back"
Baby got back

Yeah baby
When it comes to females
Cosmo ain't got nothin' to do with my selection
36-24-36 ha ha
Only if she's 5'3"

So your girlfriend rolls a Honda
Playin' workout tapes by Fonda
But Fonda ain't got a motor in the back of her Honda
My anaconda don't want none unless you got buns hun
You can do side bends or sit-ups, but please don't lose that butt
Some brothers wanna play that hard role
and tell you that the butt ain't gold
So they toss it and leave it
And I pull up quick to retrieve it
So Cosmo says you're fat
Well I ain't down with that
Cuz your waist is small and your curves are kickin'
And I'm thinkin' bout stickin'
To the beanpole dames in the magazines
You ain't it Miss Thang
Give me a sista I can't resist her
Red beans and rice didn't miss her
Some knucklehead tried to diss
Cuz his girls are on my list
He had game but he chose to hit 'em
And I pull up quick to get with 'em
So ladies if the butt is round
And you want a triple X throw down
Dial 1-900-Mix-A-Lot and kick them nasty thoughts
Baby got back
Baby got back

Little in the middle but she got much back
Little in the middle but she got much back
Little in the middle but she got much back
Little in the middle but she got much back
Do ya wanna get rocked?

Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get
Rocked......

I'm your average, ordinary, everyday kid,
Happy to do nothin'
In fact that's what I did.
Got a million ways to make my day, but daddy don't agree
'Cos when I try to get away he says
He get plans for me

Get your butt right out of bed - Stop buggin' me
Get up and move your sleepy head - Don't shake my tree.

He said
Mow the lawn - Who, me?
Walk the dog - Not my style, man!
Take out the trash - No way!
Tidy your room - C'mon get real!
Sorry dad, gotta disappear,
Let's get the rock outta here.

Seven-day weekend,
Up all night,
In at the deep end,
Hang on tight
Won't take a minute,
Won't take long,
So get on in it,
Come on, come on, come on

Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked
Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked
Let's go all the way, get it night'n'day
C'mon let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked.

I'm your average, ordinary, everyday dude
Drivin' with my baby, To get her in the mood
She's dialin'through my radio and I'm ready to make my move,
But what she got ain't rock'n'roll and it really blew my groove

It was - Chopin, Mozart, Beethoven
It makes me wanna scream - Bach, Tchaikovsky, violins
Turn it off! - That ain't my scene
Well I'm sorry girl, here's my confession
I suppose a rock's out of the question?

Seven-day weekend,
Up all night,
In at the deep end,
Hang on tight
Won't take a minute,
Won't take long,
So get on in it,
Come on, come on, come on

Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked
Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked
Let's go all the way, get it night'n'day
C'mon let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked.

Oh, all I wanna do is take a ride into the blue
Ev'ry time I want to love you I get stuck inside my room
Heaven knows I'm sick'n'tired of dancin' with this broom
I feel lucky today
Hey, look at that man!
Do ya wanna get rocked?
Do ya wanna get rocked?

It won't take you a minute,
It won't take that long,
So get on, get with it,
Oh, c'mon
Everybody!

Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked
Get on top, baby
Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked
Do ya wanna?
Do ya wanna?
Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked
Get on top of it
Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked
Love to rock your body, baby
Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked
Let's go all the way,
Let's do it night and day,
Let's get out and play,
Rock the night away
C'mon
Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get (rocked)
Oh,
Do ya wanna get rocked?
I throw my tape on
And I watch ya
Three second later
I got ya shakin' your head
Dancin' instead of sittin'
The rhymes kick
The beats hittin' you
Just like a home run
Slammin' like a slam dunk
Riding the wave that James Brown gave funk
It happened to James like it happened to me
How you think I feel to see another MC
Gettin' paid usin' my rap style
And I'm playn' the background meanwhile
I ain't with that
You can forget that
You took my style
I'm takin' it back
I'm come back like "Return of the Jedi"
Sucker MC's in the place that said I
Could only rock rhymes
Only rock crowds
But never rock records

How ya like me now (x2)

Now brothers are riding me
Like a pony
I'm no phony
I'm the only real micaroni
Playin' the mic like it's supposed to be played
New jacks,you all shoulda stayed out of the business
What is this,amateur night at the Apollo?
Get off this stage,I'm in a rage
I'm like a lion that's been trapped in a cage
I'm the real king , rap is a jungle
I never understood,how could one go
To a party,watch me,stand around and jock me
Become a rapper,then try to rock me
Scheming like a demon,you're screamin' and dreamin'
I'm from the old school,I used to see men
Dies for less,but I'm not living that way
I'll let my mic do the talkin'
And let the music play

How ya like me now (x2)

Rap is an art
And I'm a Picasso
But of course
Why else would you try so
Hard to paint a picture, and try to get ya
Self in my shoes,but they won't fit ya
I'm bigger and better,forget about deffer
Every time I rocked the mic,I left a
Stain in your brain that will remain
Stuck in the back of your brain till you see me
Again,respect,I come correct
The rhymes I select are nothing short of
Vernacular's pure and I can insure
Life od death with my breath,my voice is a cure
I heal life from the words I spread
I'll make a sick man rock on his death bed
Sucker MC's , I'll make your girl say "ow"
She's jockin'

How ya like me now (x2)

It irked my nerve
When I heard
A sucker rapper that I know I'll serve
Run around town sayin' he is the best
Is that a test?
I'm not impressed
Get real,you're nothin' but a toy
Don't ya know I'll serve that boy
Just like a waiter
Hit'em with a place of
These fresh rhymes and
Make sure that he
Pays the bill,and leave him standin' still
When he's had enough,hit him with a refil
And for dessert it won't be no ice cream
I'm just gonna splatter and shatter his pipe dream
Make him feel the wrath,beat him and laugh
Then when I finish them,I'm gonna ask him
Who's the bests,and if he don't say Moe Dee
I'll take my whip and make him call himself Toby
Put him on punishment just like a child,then ask

How ya like me now

Whip him good,then I'll make him sweat
Talkin' about battles and never had a battle yet
But if we ever did
How could you beat me
You're so petrified
Even scared to meet me
My word's the law
That's why you don't beef
You're nothing but a punk,track star,and a thief
So I'm puttin' you on punishment
Just like a child
Never touch another mic

How ya like me now (x2)

I could continue
There's more on the menu
But relax 'cos I'm so far in you
You had enough
I know you're overstuffed
If I keep going
You'll be throwin' up
Old rhymes I used to say
Back in the day
When you used to me
To my parties and pay
Nobody's ever gonna rack me
This I vow
So all I wanna say is

How ya like me now (X2)

How ya like me now ( fade out with echo
[Redman] Negroes!!!!!!!!

(repeat 6X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT?
[Hit Squad] The head banger
Parrish Smith gettin wreck
[Hit Squad] The head banger

Verse One: Parrish Smith

Ka-rank the boombox as my sound knock from blocks
as I chill, and bust grills you take snapshots
of the maniac, dressed in black, carry round a strap
Kid you play me too close (slow down and catch a cap, POW!!)
Cause I don't play games, an outlaw like Jesse James
To hell with the bitches and the so-called fame (uh-huh)
Strictly biz to hard (kid yeah) as I climb charts
Bustin ass daily as I compose like Mozart
Just stand, say you're mad damn, why him?
Z-oh-one Tonka, five-sixty Benz
I'm sick and mad deep no shorts and no sleep
I'm bugged like a tapped phone, hard like concrete
So get a GRIP and don't SLIP or catch a CLIP
from the infrared aimed at your head as I blast my TARGET
The Bozack, I rip up flows that
make an MC stop and chill and say HE'S ALL THAT
Hardcore no R&amp;amp;amp;B singer
Roll with the Hit Squad... down with the head banger

(repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT?
&amp;amp;quot;Yeahhh, head crack, head crack&amp;amp;quot; -- Grand Puba, Slow Down
(repeat 3X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT?
Erick Sermon break it down
[Hit Squad] The head banger
&amp;amp;quot;Yeahhh, head crack, head crack&amp;amp;quot;

Verse Two: Erick Sermon

SURPRISE, you wonder where I've been, I've been workin
But sounds makin danger, and black birds chirpin
A real Damian, Omen possessed by the devil
You dig the rhythm, and I'll play the RUNNIN REBEL
Changed my style, so I can freak the funk
Yo pass the Philly, HIT SQUAD spark the blunt
I got the power, to ramshack a stadium
WUBBA WUBBA, even Judy Brown the Palladium
Yo, I'm from the Boondocks so I knows the flavor (yeah, yeah)
Sometimes I curse but now, I show behavior
EPMD, YO, is in this to win this
A brand new LP SO MIND YOUR BUSINESS
No jokin, I'm gettin paid fully
You wanna buy the cassette, stop by Sam Goody
YO WHERE'S MY HOODIE? I wanna be hard and cause some ruckus
Talk with the b-boy slang and blast some suckers
Walk like an Egyptian, rough crackin my steel
Plus I'm goin to court, make my own appeal
As taught as a kid or told, NEVER TALK TO A STRANGER
Cause I could be a head banger

(repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT?
&amp;amp;quot;Yeahhh, head crack, head crack&amp;amp;quot; -- Grand Puba, Slow Down
(repeat 3X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT?
K-Solo!!!
[Hit Squad] The head banger
&amp;amp;quot;Yeahhh, head crack, head crack&amp;amp;quot;

Verse Three: K-Solo

I'm the original rap criminal (yeahhhhh)
My shots, spell spray (hoo-ahhhh) duck leaves my trigger finger DIGITAL
My gun'll make, many men, things you did when I get mad
and pissed cause I can make him my TARGET
Braggin em taggin em draggin em mad hollow-point rhymes in my mic
Choose Smith or assault over Magnum (huh)
So back up off me, here's a clip
For uzis and guns, and then you faggots gonna OFF ME
I'm sure you know the deal that my nine can box
I knock punks out quick like Evander Holyfield
More rhymes than music's, my solution
Subscribers of my style here's a contribution
Let's say you want a shovel layer parkin MC's like cars
and drivin MC's away
Tanks gon be full, to rappers wanna tempt me
I break the steering shift and leave em EMPTY
Cause they can't go, so I'ma call a hoe tow truck
To come tow truck your weak SIDE SHOW
Back on the scene is the incredible one man team
When I get mad I turn GREEN
The Fugitive's gone peace, I'm outta here later
And here's a finger, to all you non movin spectators

(repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT?
&amp;amp;quot;Yeahhh, head crack, head crack&amp;amp;quot; -- Grand Puba, Slow Down
(repeat 3X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT?
Redman get down!
[Hit Squad] The head banger
&amp;amp;quot;Yeahhh, head crack, head crack&amp;amp;quot;

Verse Four: Redman

SURPRISE NIGGAZ! The original P-Funk funks you up
I take a hit from a spliff then I get biz with the NEW CUT
Because I can Jam like Teddy if you let me
A Goodfella but still rugged like Joe PESCI
My style is mad funka-to-the-delic with the irrelevant
shit that I kick backflips any four bitch (yeah)
Deduct and I dip then I SWITCH
to an incredible nigga with a *nickle* nine on the hip
I always got played by a honeyDIP
But now I'm on the money TIP so now I call the honeydip honey BITCH
And swing hardcore because that's where I come from (yeah)
I Rock ya like Chubb, and burn scrubs like a dum-dum
Remember Redman, last album I was Hardcore
Now I'm back to tear the frame out your assCRACK
Cause I get wreck, with the tec, with the blunt or moet
And what you see is what you get and what you're gettin is your
ASS KICKED, nigga, hit you with the funkdafied figure
Like A plus funk, funk times stuffed in your back trunk PUNK
Yes the Redman that's what they call me
Wicked with the style you think I have cerebral palsy
Like AAIEEAHAAA, cause I freak the styles crazy
Lullaby your stupid ass, ROCKABYE BABY
The Funkadelic Devil hit your ass with a level from the new school
and still holdin my jewels!

(repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT?
&amp;amp;quot;Yeahhh, head crack, head crack&amp;amp;quot; -- Grand Puba, Slow Down
(repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT?
[Hit Squad] The head banger
&amp;amp;quot;Yeahhh, head crack, head crack&amp;amp;quot;

(repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT?
&amp;amp;quot;Yeahhh, head crack, head crack&amp;amp;quot; -- Grand Puba, Slow Down
(repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger, WHAT?
[Hit Squad] The head banger
&amp;amp;quot;Yeahhh, head crack, head crack&amp;amp;quot;

(repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger
&amp;amp;quot;Yeahhh, head crack, head crack&amp;amp;quot; -- Grand Puba, Slow Down
(repeat 4X) [Hit Squad] The head banger
[Hit Squad] The head banger
&amp;amp;quot;Yeahhh, head crack, head crack&amp;amp;quot;
Verse One:

Boom bye bye/in a botty bwoy head/
the shottie fly now/the botty ly like dead/
2 shots dead to him chin/enemy a friend/
fake the funk/I put the junk to an end/
Now who da rude bwoy/wan come tess dogg/
I find his family/and I.D. em in da morgue/
I bet you never thought I bust led/
To prize/I'm a fortified blunt head just like a dread/

You cant tess the champion sound/You gettin bucked down/
recognize the boot camp click/in a de Bucktown/
Gun thirsty little bastard/always blasted/
from the sess of chocolate/from my dick gastin/
You say you number one wicked selecta/
I say you punani/and I wetcha/
Keep the bull/before I pull this here trigga/
cause you don't wanna tess me/when I'm tipsy off the liquor/
Like a punk they call McGirt/got his feelings hurt/
showed his true colors/had to yank up his skirt/
now he's in misery/tryin to cop a plea/
led to his head/from gun clapper number 3/
see/lick off a shot you no dick rida/
lick a shot punani/not gun fire/

Now everybody wanna be dongongon/
all around New York niggas be talkin/but we be stalkin/
in the docks when the gun starts buckin/
but in the day/be wary of where you be walkin/

Chorus
DON'T...DON'T....DON'T you ever mention bout you wan
tess the champion sound/
leave it to de people that can you know that can
when people see them a ball fa
LEAVE!

Verse Two:

Me naw sex/me ruff like the wicked you fe me/
the motherfucker that be buggin over truth you see/
original/criminal/run in town/crime pays/
thats when I practised/your act if/you wan get blasted
by my nine shot/come around my block/pon the night spot/
in the Pine box/Murderah...Botty bwoy killa/Golden power filla/
we bout to get illa/

Sound bwoy/ya got nuff reason to worry/
cummin wit my troops/we about to bury/
betta pack ya dubs and move in a hurry/Ease off sean/
Lookin at my pager/it's about that time/
to load up the 9/and do my derelict crime/
warriors/conquerors/the man before ya/
Mr. Ripper/a.k.a. the enemy killa/
my man wit the weed/is my man in deed/
and all you sucky-ducky niggas catch nots wit speed/

Talkin bout you have sound/ah my sound you wan tess/
You neva know/that when it comes to championship/
is we dat have de management/
and carry mack/use you for good use/cuz wee de good crew
LEAVE!

Verse Three:

Laud!/Some bwoy wan get dead tonite duke/
as I retrieve the 2-5 from my timboots/
Target pon sight/trick up and cock/
adjust your pupils to see a dead bwoy walk/
Nuff pussyhole gwan die dis year/
here comes the bootcamp/slide it to the rear/
Its the rain cummin like a hurricane lickin shots/
more untouchable/than niggas wit de chicken pox/
So/emcees get lifted when I'm spliffted/
Nigga guard ya grill/cause Louisville packs the biscut/
In the session/Smif N Wessun/O-G's see/gun clapper number 1/
wit my nigga D-O-G....

We bring the realness/feel this/boom it's Black Moon reveal
this/
we come to let you know/what the deal is/
Straight up we serve justice/so if you can't be trusted/
may you return where the dust is..

There is many sound thats goin around/and goin on/
and gwan like a clown/but I'm tellin you..Clean up your act/
and come to de livestock cuz you a deadstock from mornin to de
evenin/now everthing changed...
